breakfast is very modest ... ) the hotel is nice and ambient)
the little courtyard too pretty! atmosphere too romantic for a getaway to 2! I advise a strange audience ... to be in the heart of old paris! !
innovation in napoleon, it's all good my uncle
restaurant is gorgeous ! but to tell you the truth I do not like haute cuisine french .. for art yes..but for eating..when I'm hungry-no)))
the secret cocktail 2!
a horror ... the fooding according costes are the dishes prepared in the factory in the suburbs of Paris ...
tested for breakfast, lunch, dinner brunch I love! really top service, so rare in this type of place, then really good. special mention for the great macaroons offered with coffee!
if you do not take more than one conso at the bar every 10 minutes, you're not a desired customer, the boss comes to limit you to heckle ... to avoid
if you consume no more than one drink every 10minutes, the boss comes to yell at you and talks to you like a dog. go to mc do, the atmosphere will be more fun ...
brunch every Sunday until 5 pm, in a jazz and soul atmosphere, 3 main buffets breakfast, salty and desserts. 49 € / pers then 20 € up to 10 years, free for 5 years.
there is an open fireplace in the lobby
room small but comfortable and clean. free WIFI . sound insulation with very average street. we always have the impression that the window is open.
bombay barcelone, very friendly gin cocktail (bombay or hendricks), st-germain, cucumber, rosemary and hearty lime ... to try!
ask for an iced tea, they are exceptional
very nice for the 5 to 7
their breakfast is incredibly good
Did you know that during the last 6 months, the hotel concords the FAYETTE had the pleasure to welcome 400 couples on their honeymoon. bit.ly/notrerestaurant
your stay left you an indelible memory say it on trip advisor! bit.ly/diteslenous
it 's time to pamper our beloved moms the restaurant la fayette puts themselves at their service and guarantees them a moment of exception accompanied by their little one
very welcome, very open and attentive director.
pity that the gym only opens at 8:30 and closes at 20:30 ... not ideal for people on a business trip.
there are plugs on the ground in the Brussels room
fantastic ... .
Gourmet . from 78th. tips meat cake and squid, veal and sea urchin coral, seaweed turbot with foie gras.
outstanding menu with 3 half courses cheese and dessert. Hospitality and service worthy of praise.
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
damn wired internet ... I forgot the cable. no problem we will make up for it by drinking tea thanks to the kettle provided.
simply fantastic!
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
free wifi available as well as sockets. nice !
very good hotel, on the other hand the meals are to be discouraged too expensive and not worthy of a restaurant.
free wifi, ask for access to the reception!
a very nice place for a brunch / meal in a private park. and soon a cockayail bar in the basement. mandatory reservation .
the secret garden of paris
an intimate place with a beautiful terrace ... on the other hand the service is poor, and the food very bad value for money! pity ...
dating back to the 19th century, it is located on a hillside on the hill of Montmartre. he offers you to spend a moment of tranquility in his "unsuspected garden".
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
free wifi pleasant frame for nomadic worker
one of the best breakfast I have ever had in a hotel! he is very complete and super good! it's worth it..
continue to the ring road, there is a monoprix
great hotel! super staff ! to warmly recommend
champagne tasting champagne r poiuillon brut vigneron, rose vintage winemaker 2004
very nice hotel, friendly staff and available. very good wifi and free) is barely 5 minutes from the convention center.
really not at the level of pretension, barely 2 or 3 stars. the rooms are clean no more.
I am going to tell you the story of this patient who showed up one evening in my hotel room. a fucking bastard.
cheap hostel in paris to save money and avoid expensive hotels!
password wifi 12nation but it changes every week. be careful the rooms are poorly insulated.
it's terrible! ( ( (
great view of Paris 360 degrees. good plan and never too crowded!
the good plans to have all the Parisian monuments in 360 *! people, quiet .. the top! on the other hand a bit expensive .. but good! enjoy !
very nice view, but expensive, mediocre side restaurant, wc pay 8 floors lower (1 € 50) even for customers, the flavor of the wrong plan.
the lacquered duck is .. divine .. simply the best of paris!
high 5 for shang palace red bean dim sum
3 star service, good customer reception and always available, but very fine partition!
the prototype of the factory has tourists. good chances to find room, functional and soulless.
Avoid this hotel, we are a group and all our rooms were busy on our arrival. they do not know which room to give ... lock
organization, random room allocation. Several times in a row you get a busy room (business station) hotel to avoid!
not terrible ... try elsewhere if possible, if not possible lock, do not turn on ventilation, take a lexomyl (random rooming, dirt, bad sound insulation)
I was given the keys to 3 rooms oqp! if I wanted I left with 1 iphone, 3 pc and the shopping of a lady! I refused to stay here they sent me to the ibis next door which is just rotted
to avoid in my opinion
beautiful rooms in very good condition. a bit small, but it's an ibis
very friendly staff
I'm not sure that this corridor maze is at the top in case of fire ...
the breakfast is complete and well presented. only catch, the orange juice.
Extremely long service (25mutes). cocktail and beer cut off in the water our neighbors told the waiter that the food was bad. but cheap cocktail but bad!
cocktail at 5 €, draft beer at 2,50 €. cheap (for paris)!
very good breakfast. free WIFI . in front of metro metro station.
very good brunch on the weekends with the stone pastries. Yum . on the other hand, the neighborhood is a little desert. prefer oriental mandarin for more ambiance.
a bottle of roederer for a good warm up ...
gorgeous suites ... l'appartement is a must see !
Celebrating the French way of life, this luxury hotel is characterized by a peaceful and refined atmosphere that makes it a popular meeting place for the world of fashion and diplomacy.
multitude of hotels around or the reception must be friendly ... not the one.
the hotel is located in a muslim area, the visual does not seem very attractive. the rooms are old and the receptionist did not speak english. do not recommend and do not return!
the terrace is fine for afternoon tea
the open terrace is amazing!
I loved this hotel! Victoria and Santiago helped me very well. the internet is good. the location is ideal too.
this hotel is not worth its 3 stars. rooms too small, it's hard to cross, tiny bathroom, bed duvet too small, only one bath towel per person, ridiculous pillows
the coffee is finally good at breakfast. otherwise, it's spartan but very funny as a hotel ....
there are curtains now!
2 small things to improve the stools-poufs in the rooms (very uncomfortable sitting) and the wooden cutlery of the breakfast (unpleasant taste in mouth). otherwise, the rest is top!
a super good plan to spend a few days in Paris without breaking the house side) with breakfast included!
very good cocktail bar
very beautiful deco, pretty terrace and fabulous coctails! not enough damage world ..
Spanish cuisine revisited finely. quite trendy. service a bit slow. avoid deca
it is a motel and not a hotel ... rotten, no room service ... oh yes, no elevator ... I typed 3 floors with 2 suitcases and 2 backpack!
nice little courtyard, nice rooms in a fantastic area.
station almost always empty (continue with Henri Martin, dir du mette. there is station 16-19!
strongly discouraged. Hotel very run down and not comfortable at all.
good value for money . I highly recommend it for short stays. very welcoming staff. 200 meters from the Voltaire station.
Nice hotel located on the edge of the periphery less than 5 minutes from the subway station of the Orleans gate. some nice restaurants in the adjacent streets too.
very nice, good wifi and good coffee
ask for a room on the back, quieter because the front overlooks the device exit porte d'orleans ...
rummage, hunt, unwrap to finally find the rare pearl! the famous chips of vanves, the only market antique-flea intramural paris welcome you all year on Saturday and Sunday from 7h 14h. good finds! pucesdevanves.typepad.com/
Want to discover Paris differently, far from ultra-beaten tourist paths meet a Parisian in love with his neighborhood, share a bit of his daily good addresses, discrete places, funny anecdotes ... to live a unique moment in an unusual Paris, follow the guide!
appointment tonight at the Eiffel Tower for the fireworks show on July 14, 2013
artyparis is the old kyriad
How to get to our vanves subway Inn Take the subway exit number 4, go under the bridge and continue up the street brancion. turn right on Brancion and turn right on Morillon. how to get to our hostel from the metro station porte de vanves take metro exit number 4 , pass under the bridge and keep walking to brancion st . turn right on brancion , walk a little more and turn right on des morillons . we 'll be on the corner a block down .
next friday, join us for a st-patrick theme party! next friday , join us for a st-patrick 's evening !
happy bastille day ! Good July 14!
book your table now for a romantic Valentine's Day at 114 suburb! book a table at 114 faubourg now to spend a romantic evening on valentine 's day !
thank you benoit duquenes very good director he holds the road his show is very well perceived and it gives us dreams behind the scenes of the card
very good report in complement of inquiry on luxury hotel bristol paris I hope to have the dream 1 day of being able to accede to all this sumptuous decor of a continuation that the dream is realized! !
the star meridian likes a post.
the star meridian likes a post.
last monday at le méridien etoile , members of the tokyo art club of the palais de tokyo and guests of le méridien etoile were introduced to existential mathematics with the mathematician and poet laurent derobert . the cocktail, fruit of the collaboration between laurent derobert and the executive chef of the hotel laurent bélijar and the barman ludovic boisard chef, took the guests on a journey of the senses along polar, equatorial and tropical latitudes ... last monday at the meridian star , the members of the tokyo art club of tokyo palace and the hosts of the star meridian initiated themselves into existential mathematics with the mathematician poet laurent derobert. the cocktail, fruit of a gourmet complicity between laurent derobert, the executive chef of the hotel laurent bélijar and the barman ludovic boisard chef, transported the guests on a voyage of the senses along the polar, equatorial and tropical latitudes ...
the French national holiday (the "July 14" or "July 14") is the national holiday of France. it was instituted by law in 1880, with reference to a double date, that of July 14, 1789, date of the taking of the Bastille, a symbolic day leading to the end of absolutism, the order society and privileges , and that of July 14, 1790, day of national unity on the feast of the federation.
a hotel that has not betrayed by its charms and the lust room is perfect for a romantic night!
give a good gift and discover the 7 deadly sins seen by chantal thomass
special fan fan special fan offer our fans are spoiled by booking on our facebook page, they get 15 discount on their stay! we like to spoil our fans if you book on our facebook page , you will get a 15 discount !
have you finished your Christmas shopping you still have a few days left but do not delay too much. very good weekend to all. we wish you happy holidays!
For the holiday season, our restaurant, the m64 offers many surprises ... ymlp.com/zwzpdh
J-7 before Christmas) are you looking forward what is, according to you, the destination not to miss to spend an unforgettable Christmas
the magic of Christmas has invaded the hotel, come and discover the mercury paris center eiffel tower decorated for this occasion! if you like to like
roland garros is the French tennis tournament not to be missed, and a must event for all lovers of the yellow ball! roland garros stadium is where you ’ ll want to be from 21st may to 9th june !
a cocktail and a beaver! it is not every day that one has the possibility of drinking cocktail in the company of a stuffed beaver. in addition the cocktails prepared by the bartender are delicious. So go for it! a cocktail and a beaver ! it is not every day you have the opportunity to drink cocktail with a stuffed beaver . in addition cocktails prepared by the bartender are delicious . then go for it ! A cocktail and beaver! It is not every day you have the opportunity to drink a cocktail with a stuffed beaver. Also cocktails prepared by the bartender are delicious. then, go ahead! castor club 14 rue hautefeuille 75006 paris 19h-5h from tuesday to saturday / tuesday to saturday / from martes to sábado
Delight your guests with a light Bavarian! a raspberry compote, liquid cream of fresh raspberries nicely decorated with biscuits of reims a dessert signed by our pastry chef
Mercury Paris Montmartre Sacre Coeur Likes a photo.
like a Christmas atmosphere in your hotel ... we are waiting for you for an unforgettable Christmas in Paris)
want a souvenir to chew discover our eiffel tower in dark chocolate on sale in our shop mshop.
the renovations of the hotel are progressing. the proof in image! we can not wait to discover our new rooms and you
Mercury Paris Montmartre Sacre Coeur Likes a link.
the fourth edition of the podium contest young designers gathered on February 4th, many personalities of fashion, arts and industry in the imperial salon of the hotel. At the end of the parade, the jury chaired by Gaspard Yurkievich crowned Roman Blot for its three coherent, creative outfits inspired by the theme of anachronism.
The European Night of Museums will take place on Saturday, May 18, 2013 throughout France, bringing together young and old around key monuments open exclusively until midnight! On this occasion, the museums are adorned with a thousand fires and we offer for some a multitude of activities such as treasure hunts, concerts or even light shows ... discover the programming of the night of the museums 2013 in paris and in Ile de France in preview; lights, conferences, night walks, concerts, shows, do not miss the 9th edition of the European Night of Museums which will take place on May 18, 2013! through these programs to specify, it is a concentrate of the night of museums that we offer. however, be aware that no less than 1300 French museums participate in the operation of the European Night of Museums. only one word of order, go out to the museum on Saturday, May 18, 2013!
from today, until December 26, enjoy our festive menu at the louvre duck foie gras half-baked, candied Christmas, toasted country bread or Scottish smoked salmon , blinis and cream with dill or 6 thin oysters of light n ° 2 and their toppings *** fillet of monkfish meunière, fine mashed celery with chunks of chestnuts, mushrooms and truffled jus or roasted farm turkey, morel sauce and au gratin macaroni *** traditional christmas log bookings 01.44.58.37.21
take a look at the galleries lafayette to discover the christmas tree ... take a look at galleries lafayette 's sparkling christmas tree!
hotel buci 4 **** paris saint germain des prés likes a photo.
has become in ten years an essential event on the international scene, the rock festival en seine will take place from 23 to 25 August. if you move to paris for this festival, book your stay at the five hotel, you will enjoy a welcome vip (with champagne), on presentation of your concert ticket!
the gardens of the marsh likes a photo.
wishing you a happy new year from all of us at hotel du printemps and looking forward to welcoming soon in paris ! the whole team of the spring hotel wishes you a happy new year and hope to have the pleasure to welcome you soon in paris!
share with us the most unlikely requests you have made to our key golden concierges, the ones you've witnessed. avez-vous eu de bonnes expériences lors d'un voyage share with us the most improbable requests that you have made with our concierge clefs d'or , or the ones you witnessed . have you had good experiences while traveling
this weekend, during the Heritage Days, take the opportunity to visit the usual lido-free venues, the elysee palace, the television sets ...
hotel elysée lyon station added a new photo.
hotel elysée lyon station added a new photo.
hotel elysée lyon station added a new photo.
I have stayed at this hotel quite often since 1996 either in vacanses or to work for the defense and from time to time for congresses at the convention center. I love it ! the service is impeccable, the rooms comfortable and the courtyard inside perfect for breakfast. there are also very good restaurants around.
the place is fantastic
rooms defraichies, apartment for 4 but two beds only (!) to avoid !
a wall is coated with fresh plaster, not dry ... very present and unpleasant smell. we have no idea to rent such a room! could still wait for it to be dry!
located in the quiet part of the rue de lévis (quiet night), but close to the lively market and restaurants. very friendly, very clean room, good bedding, shower a bit small, good breakfast buffet. a good hotel with a family atmosphere, good value for money by internet, in a very pleasant district of paris. I will go back there .
finally a nice hotel in Paris! clean and nicely decorated. the attentive staff helped us savor our stay in paris. strongly recommend
very dirty wall, holes on the paint, bathtub not clean. mediocre breakfast ... blah for the three stars is a good
neat hotel. friendly and attentive staff.
too disappointed with this address, terrible service, an hour waiting to be served and yet we have booked well, amateur staff very unpleasant who becomes aggressive and who goes to conflict with customers, the menus do not match what he There is on the map and they have quot; forgot quot; to serve us all that we ordered. Address to avoid absolutely, we were too disappointed! the cashier cashed 10 € more by mistake and dared to call us at the exit saying that he did not count the milk shake, and asking him to redo the calculation he started to yell and he does not even know not excuse. I do not know how to authorize restaurants of this type
we are two czech students and we spent a few nights at the Hotel de Nantes during our stay and in fact we liked it. it is a quiet place, rooms are very pretty. the staff are welcoming and he helped us with everything we needed. a metro and buses are nearby. there is also a junction right next door.
how is it possible to have 3 stars not recommendable to allergy sufferers, carpet everywhere, sloppy housekeeping, no soap in bathroom, doors in bad condition, etc. nao venham, como pode ter 3 estrelas nao tem nem sabao no pessoal, as portas estao até podre embaixo
new hotel, very warm welcome, I wanted a room with my friend, and they immediately presented and explained the offers that was available to me without wanting to immediately convince me to take the most expensive. the decoration and superb and they have a good desygn. recommended.
I know it's not the worst hotel in Paris, but this one I do not recommend ... the home cold, no wifi from 2nd floor, no hot water from 17h, no toilet in my room (and it's not the only one who does not have it!) No take elec other than that of the TV and the bedside lamp, bazaar in the hallway, unfit, ugly decor ... and all that for 74 € / night ... it's expensive!
an unexpected place in Montmartre. outside beaten path, we discover with surprise this place. unimaginable ... we feel elsewhere and privileged to be present in this place as it is sublime! Cock follower, go for it! !
very nice hotel even beautiful cheap not far from the Arc de Triomphe outside the hotel metro station; electric bike and car! !
dilapidated room and dirty burnished wall and carpet full of stains. catastrophic isolation you feel like your neighbor is showering next to your bed. bathroom with broken accessories or that do not hold on the wall! room that stinks of smoke. noisy staff screaming from floor to floor, slamming doors. facade repair scaffolding that prevents the opening of double curtains and the window (the world goes by the window) all that for 79 euros per night. not recommendable, not even a star.
a place not to be missed
after receiving booking confirmation for 5 rooms, the management decided to refuse my reservation. doubtful commercial practice ...
the triumphal arch is very beautiful it is not far from the tower eiffeil in under the arc of triumph there is an unknown soldier is his ma really touch that he is under this arc or there is a side flame when o my mind sa I had tears in my eyes
very good home, large room and functional bathroom .. breakfast very provided. for the same rate as the ibis du sacre coeur, do not hesitate to take this one.
very nice terrace
very nice hotel, nice, quiet and quiet. very well located to visit paris.
we changed very quickly. disappointed that we were
a hotel in a quiet street close to my business and many good restaurants (marcel). the comfort is beyond reproach and all the staff come and go to ask you if you are well. you will feel at home with the whole family and you in bed in convalescence. but, I enjoyed it a lot and since then, I only go home. more bedding, important and top thing.
the reception of some person left to desire, the hotel as a whole is old, it misses a good blow of freshness so that it is pleasant, the carpet of the room is dirty, the bathroom is poorly ventilated of Or odors quite deceptive, the furniture of the room is viellot ... .and I stayed only 3 days it was enough for me! !
corresponds to the advertised range. no more no less . but the welcome is really worth it, just like the Japanese who faces him
average bathroom and really very small. the equipment in the room is poor and do not be foolish about cleanliness. ideal for a stay of one to two nights only ...
small rooms, noisy street, old hotel
to flee absolutely! very noisy as well because of the street (windows that do not close!) only bad sound insulation of the rooms. the employees constantly ask to pay for breakfast and night in advance without giving an invoice while my resa was guaranteed by cb. the cleanliness is approximate.
very friendly staff and listening to the customer. I highly recommend this hotel.
clean, quiet, renovated hotel. smiling and friendly staff.
apart from the fact that this hotel is well located (5-10 min. walk to Montmartre, 15 min. walk to the galleries lafayettes and 3 min. to reach the white square where there is a metro stop), this hotel is miserable! the welcome was most unpleasant. (No one was at the reception when we arrived, the owners were in a small room eating and watching TV ... moreover, when one of the two people decided to come and welcome us, it stank sweat! we are in arizona or the room was small with basic and damaged furniture. the carpet was breaking from every corner. the bathroom was disgusting. the walls were dirty, there were brown rust flows everywhere and hair in the tub, ants in the sink! To believe that the room service was only busy changing the sheets ... at most! there was also a phone available in the room. I do not let you imagine the state of the electric wires ... not really then! report do not ga tif! all for just under 70 euros a night! do not go in any case!
very good location to cituer on the boulevard, very pretty.
Hello everyone, the reception unpleasant, very dusty, I think as long as the hotel is not totally renovated the hotel management should not accept guests because walking in the dust and breathing dust is not good and especially harmful for health! . ! the sheets are hid on the sides, and that does not cover the bed, the bed covers are holes! the most important point in my opinion; the hotel is not in the norm for this essential point, the corridors are very narrow, the big suitcases will not pass, if unfortunately there would be a fire, which I would not like to imagine, people will to be crushed one on the other without even reaching the level of the staircase. ! Personally I do not recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.
we stayed one night in this hotel and we were not disappointed the bed was firm, the room very well soundproofed on the street. breakfast was served on time. In short, good advice!
a noise of ventilation motor in the courtyard of the hotel prevents to sleep night and day. shame because the hotel was well located for public transport to Paris.
establishment in good condition. the legendary slowness of the elevators will make you prefer the stairs. do not miss the breakfast in the vaulted cellar. My room 513 was small with a creaky floor and I hope I did not bother the neighbors! the air conditioning is noisy, better to stop to sleep. only one room (to be avoided) is available on the ground floor but it overlooks the street with a very busy sidewalk ...
but what a nice hotel! that everything is fantastico and that I slept as baby oune! that the small breakfast is very very good! and the boss very very pretty!
good location
Do not always dirty. moreover, something is always missing, inadmissible. check well before leaving.
the bamboo at the entrance reflects the atmosphere of the place. conducive to interviews, in front of the house of the radio, the bar-restaurant moves in a hype atmosphere like never, parisiano-cosie. animated with a relaxed atmosphere, just like les mustard, all the comfort is there for a good meal; because it is indeed the card that must hold the attention! !
I dined on June 17, 09 at Zebra Square. setting very well, terrace very noisy but still nice. but then the rest ... the service first very slow (45 minutes between the end of the dish and taking order of the dessert then 20 minutes before the dessert arrives ...), unfriendly and bad advice . to the question quot; ah you have bluefin tuna à la carte, but normally you do not sell it in france quot; , answer quot; oh yes, but we manage each other . the menu mix of classics and world food. very daring and very expensive! Thai beef with coriander comes down to 3 small scoops of beef tartar, coriander sauce and another sauce (worcester type). no research in the proposed fish preparations. and desserts ... in line with what a brewery offers ordinary crème brulee, sorbets, fruits ... to know the dessert quot; strawberries and raspberries quot; 5 strawberries and 4 raspberries (very good indeed) 13 euros all the same! short 300 euros to 4. and a mediocre memory.
server not very friendly. not even speculos or almonds with coffee at 2.30.
a historic hotel, an English bar that has so many stories to tell, a gourmet cuisine and a great location. In short, an address to remember! !
luxury and class; there are often famous people who are at this luxury place; most are all 5 stars but can drop in level if the staff is not up to par, but most remain in 5 stars; there are in all countries
very good dishes, very light.
you have to go because the decor is fabulous. attentive service.
a must-see place
the hotel le claridge des champs elysées is a good hotel very well located, the service is good but remains to be improved, the breakfast is diversify this is a pity. I recommend it even if there is still evolution to be done.
hosts very average high price hotel still works
a little back to avoid noise while staying in the field lights
very good hotel
I advise against ! I stayed there alone for professional reasons on July 1, 2013. the only advantage is that this hotel is close to my place of late appointment, and it is located 2 steps from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe. Booked through booking comments and ratings sound fake that does not reflect the reality in any way, I suspect the hotel has charged with positive comments .... Icy and impersonal welcome. rococo loaded kitsch decor, you feel very uncomfortable. the door of my room gives directly into the lobby of the hotel! I have never seen such a thing, it reinforces my pain. the room itself is not bad, but the decor is too kitsch, poorly maintained bathroom, it's not worth a 4 * I must iron my shirt, it happens to me often, and in a 4 * I think it should go ! still uncomfortable, the receptionist told me kind we will have trouble finding an iron, and offers me no other solution (bravo!) finally the receptionist calls me and asks me to pick him up (we could have brought it to me as much as I am 2 meters from the reception!) . I am given an iron that they have to find in a quot; pif gadget quot; and who is running away like a basket, with a barbie ironing board that has his feet completely exploded! (what a shame for a so called 4 *) short, the breakfast at 08:45 not a cat in the breakfast room is pretty, I wait 15minutes person! in addition to the buffet there are 2 croissants that duel, and I always wait for hot drinks! (19 € the breakfast is more of the flight, it is of the foutage of gole!) . exédé, I ask the addition to the receptionist to whom I point out that there is no one at breakfast, it prepares my note without a word without an excuse and especially without proposing to wait and call someone ! Who gives the ratings to the hotels in Paris 4 * is outrageous! this hotel is just a 3 *
not too fan, but good coffee
the hotel is worth zero! it's very bad! I paid (in advance thank you ebookers) 285 euros per night for a dirty room while we believe that the hotel has been completely redone! a very small room! the doors of the rooms slam! the staff visit the rooms whistling, no sign quot; busy quot; . it's very noisy. horrible . a woman's panties was drying in the bathtub .... the bearings are not finished, it's an incredible scam! rooms are dirty , the doors are so noisy . the landing of room are not finished . it is not even one two stars . rooms so small . i have paid 285 euro instead of 570 ( with 50 of discount ) but it is still not ok even at 100 euro . the bread and croissants for breakfast are deep-frozen , the canteens of schools are better provided . this hotel is just a swindle . it is pitiful . still many things to say but i am fed up .
very good and typical, family atmosphere, varied menu with wide choice of dishes of the day. the slate ceremony is nice.
the ideal hotel for a stay in paris; the suite at the top has the most beautiful view of Paris in its entirety; we love the restaurant and always the staff to meet the wishes of customers
it is very beautiful and there is a large selection of shops. it is near the center of paris so you can easily go after a nice sightseeing. maintanant there are a lot of tourists and so the shopkeepers are not super nice. it's still a place to go if you want to go shopping
it looks good or my paoa works)
good reception, the correct room, but I was a little mecantant of the other services
hotel bar. in the lounge bar on the 34th floor of this skyscraper hotel, there is a "coppole" reminiscence of lost in translation. a bar 15 meters long, a luminescent and changing ceiling, the glittering Eiffel tower ... it can be paris or any metropolis with, side cocktails, forgotten recipes and great twisted classics.
Hotel very outdated, which does not deserve its 4 stars. moreover the establishment should lose them with the new hotel classification. the reception staff is not very welcoming and seems pretty poorly trained, there is always a lot of paperwork on the desk that we fear that some confidential data (credit card numbers customers etc.) will get lost ... breakfast side, it is very expensive for the service offered. moreover during our last visit, we had the unpleasant surprise of finding a mouse in the breakfast buffet .... we do not recommend this hotel for private or business purposes. to avoid urgently.
nice little hotel. welcome but efforts to be made on cleanliness
very good acveuil. they are real professionals and that's good.
finally a family hotel and very quiet. I recommand it .
Located close to the madeleine metro station, the hotel is part of the three-star hotel that does not invest continuously to maintain a decent level of hospitality. then of course we are very far from the hotels of pass, intrinsically the reception is good .. but to have in room a smell of very busy tobacco coming from the corridor or other rooms is unbearable. difficult choice open the window and have the continuous noise of the boulevard or sleep with a skull ache. question finishing, decorating date and many details mark the weight of years especially in the bathroom. for one night, without staying in the room all day, no problem. the reception is good and free wifi a good level of coverage. just a pleasant detail, the soap and the shower liquid
reception at the bar mediocre, ambient music lounge failed, snacks (sandwich club 18 euros) cold and foul ... pity for such a beautiful place
you know thierry marx (top chef), you have heard of justin bieber and although in eastern madarin you could meet one or the other but the first one more often as are restaurant is domiciled there. From the budget point of view, it is necessary to plan wide but it remains an unforgettable experience for a passage in Paris.
bad surprise for a hotel that boasts 4 stars tiny rooms, peeling paint, bad general maintenance, dust ...
the restaurant that has just reopened is particularly good.
terrible internet connection
frankly nil. the small room, with a bed in 90, dirty walls, dirty carpet, old tv 36cm al put on a piece of furniture in wood, the windows in wood letting the air and cold, the non soundproofed walls, I spent A sleepless night because of the bars down the street while I was on the 3rd floor! the welcome more than disappointing with the request for a blue card number by phone, the arrival of the hotel and leaving, I've never seen that! and all that for more than 100 euros the room without breakfast! !
I put a small 4 stars to relativize the comments. I have just stayed 2 days room 19 and 125 at this hotel. I almost changed when I saw the comments and in the end, more fear than harm! the reception is ok, clean rooms, bathroom ok too. the hotel is well placed. the least Wi-Fi is not available in the rooms but in a small lounge on the ground floor (we meet the world and it's warm on the other hand). the breakfast is ... not very good (croissant, coffee, chocolate, bread, butter and orange juice). advice ask room 19 or 20 (no noises).
hotel very noisy because my room overlooked the inner street and or unfortunately for me a lot of people gathered to talk high lane even late at night, the walls inside his sheet of paper, I thought for a moment that my neighbor was showering in my room. we do not talk about the cleanliness of the stairwell that had to be sucked long ago, the room that stinks the cigarette, for a non-smoker hello joy and finally the staff who welcome you without really care about you, as if you break their feet. I stop here for the critics, the only advantage is its pity that it is in such bad shape.
very very noisy hotel not calm as advertised on the quote home no one and manager unfriendly lack of freshness, breakfast pat at the top interviews of the establishment to review again although it was only to sleep and if you really want to sleep take with you earplugs and a blindfold
this hotel is a disaster and a model for dirt. believing finding a mean standard related to membership in the group choice, what a disappointment to find a ridiculously small room (No. 62), horribly dirty (with still hair on the TV remote control 36 cm of quot; x quot; years of age ...) and as a bonus smelly odors coming from the shower. to complete the description, bedding dating from another age and drip leak of the flush very friendly all night. in summary, a hateful hotel to avoid absolutely for who wants a minimum of comfort and cleanliness.
to recommend even for young families.
the reception presents well, the reception is very correct. but the problem is at the level of the small room, but it is usual in Parisian hotels. very low ceiling, it's pretty smothering a smell of quot; old quot; and stale, even after airing. cracked deco wall catastrophic. I think we had an emergency room at the hotel, though we had booked in advance.
a 3-star hotel visibly lacking in the dead main electric bulb, toilet bowl unsealed, faucet sink rattling, missing a lampshade on 2 bedside lamps, TV disconnected electricity and antenna (you have to search to find. hotel at a pinch 1 star ...
Uncomfortable room, breakfast without a real choice. It is not possible to bring a tea or a coffee in his room because no cups. the staff are welcoming but that does not save the day. to avoid !
nice room but a little noisy at night because close to home. big tv. good bedding. friendly staff. I recommend .
mythical !
I went to the Trocadero Gardens, but did not look forward to seeing them again after seeing them for the first time. my sister did a lot of trocadero skating and did some competitions
very good bar of the chain cost. I really recommend going on a summer evening on the terrace overlooking the military school. the establishment closes at three in the morning which is very convenient when you want to end an evening with friends or with his girlfriend.
it seems that this hotel is associated with fn (racist and xenophobic political party)
great hotel, a lot of trouble to leave ...; )
a welcome for this hotel. the decoration of the common rooms is correct; small flat nevertheless for the conference room, the finishes appeared to me coarse; a little disappointed with the decor of the basic rooms and the tenuous schedules of the spa and bar. I saw 4 stars better.
the atmosphere is stilted and deceptively casual, but the place remains one of the most privileged of paris!
Hello, I am a web consultant for this hotel. in the immediate vicinity of the louvre. I highly recommend it . the team is top and location dream, 2 steps from the royal palace and the louvre museum in paris. david r
the service is a bit slow but the setting is very nice!
good hotel, good location. a young and nice team.
on a mission to paris a few weeks for my work, I wanted to feel quot; at home quot; rather than in the usual hotels, and be able to change my mind at night. the studio found is ultimately cheaper than the hotel, and very well placed. it is small, but as I am not much, it is not very serious (the surfaces in Paris have little to do with the province, anyway). very cozy, there are many books, CDs and DVDs and everything is very functional. the neighborhood is really busy, and I think I'll adopt that formula in the future.
really to avoid, lack of cleanliness, the reception has become very detestable, when something is missing in your room limit quot; that's how it's done with quot; advice wisely wait until the reception finishes talking to a friend, as there is no place or wait go back to your room and go back as soon as the gentleman has finished his very important interview with his friend. if he looks down on you, it's because he has not finished his conversation. Avenue Jaures is very noisy at night, especially from midnight, slightly alcoholic people and drug addicts, fortunately the police watch. the price is far too high compared to the quality home / cleanliness / location. no more than 30 euros. all this to say that I do not recommend this establishment. really to avoid , lack of cleanliness , the reception became very terrible , when something miss in your romm , something like quot ; it is like that made with it quot ; . advice wait wisely that the reception stops discussing with a friend , as there is no place it is better to return in your room and go back as soon as the quot ; sir quot ; will have finished his very important interview with his friend . if he send you a grim look it is because he did not finish his conversation.the avenue jaurès became very noisy in the evening , especially from midnight , sometimes slightly alcoholized persons and drug-addict , fortunately the police watches . for all those things , the price is very too high compared to the quality of the reception/ cleanliness location . i think that no more than 30 euros would be good price . then you will do not feel embarrassed . all it to say that i disadvise this establishment . really very disappointed by the total , miss of professionalisme
Friendly staff, very clean room, perfect for short stay. only the location leaves something to be desired because one moves away from montmartre to arrive in barbes.
I stay in this hotel in 2007. This hotel does not respect the standards of hygiene, there are cockroaches, the furniture is broken, the shower does not work, the toilets are constantly flowing and the bosses are very rude (and racist); ; ; in short to avoid at all costs ... we also try to rip you off financially, this said in passing ... I would suggest to the committee of hygiene and the prefecture of paris to make a turn ... this hotel deserves the closure !
the reception is very friendly, but the services leave something to be desired.
hotel well located near the park of Buttes Chaumont. you have to choose your room on the inner courtyard side because the noise of the street is sometimes embarrassing.
we stayed here for one night, from 31/12 to 01/01/13! what a desappointment ! when we talk about relays, for a night at 93 € we could pretend to better because between the dirty bedspread, the bathroom where we asked if it was cleaned (hair stuck on the door, stained wall, seal the sink that comes off, shower head that does not hold ...), the lack of soundproofing (we hear everything! the cell phone of the people in the next room sounds as if it were in yours! when people come back, it looks like they are talking as if they were in your room, the sound of the footsteps of people passing by in the hallway, the sirens of firefighters ...) ... I let you imagine ... Only nice points hotel 200m from the metro and the helpful staff ... the hotel leaves a bitter taste!
Having known the hotel for twenty-eight years, it has changed. of appearance (as stewardess karina and her husband). to start with both of you and the team.
you can not even stand up in room 64. no
good basic hotel with metro station 10m and parking next 50m for family cheap
good to spend a night, but pay wifi access 5 € the day is to take customers for what they are not!
Hello, we spent a week in this family-type hotel which has more than delighted us with its welcome as well as the rooms and breakfasts. we can only recommend this property. Simone and Gregory.
the welcome and comfort of the rooms
we had a wonderful weekend at 3chambres! everything is there, the decoration, the colors, the equipment in the bed and breakfast without forgetting the welcome, the breakfast and the famous cake of laurent, the host of these places ... we can only advise this bed and breakfast in the heart of Paris.
the idea is sensational i find
what a really unpleasant welcome!
arrived in the evening and after calling in the morning to confirm my arrival after 18h, unpleasant surprise more room available!
the food in the restaurant of this hotel is good but the service is slow and sometimes approximate. we ordered two different dishes and no difference when seeing them arrive. however the dishes were very good.
Very nice home . modest room but fully equipped. the bar / restaurant at the entrance of the hotel makes the place more secure when you come back late at night because there is always someone.
this hotel is abominable. I went there 2 times. the first time, there were rats in the room. the second time, I was given a room that was already occupied. on entering the room we saw that she was busy. this was reported to the receptionist. this guy had the audacity to ask us if we did not have quot; stolen luggage quot; before coming to him in addition, I paid by credit card, a foreign card. he had no other free rooms of the same price. he offered us more expensive rooms, but we declined. then, he could not pay us back, he told us to wait for the boss. we waited an hour. he promised to pay us back in cash. he told us to pay a charge of 4 euros .... we refused to pay 4 euros for their mistake. the boss came and did not want to pay us back in cash. I explained to him that I needed the money because I have limits on my card. I explained to him that the money did not come to my account right away, because there is a delay of 3 days. she did not want to listen to me, and now I'm in trouble because the money is not available ... they even had the audacity to tell me that it was my fault ... and my responsibility . they even asked me to pay them 4 euros..when they do not know how to manage their hotel. and it is they who refused to give me these 4 euros. abominable ... .
home more than average with regard to the 3 *, preparation of the room more than average (it was missing a bed and power outlets did not work waiting time repair 1 / 2h, a bath towel felt full nose fondue bourguignone ! and I'm not even kidding). on the other hand, the staff outside reception is very nice. the hotel is well located, quiet not far from paid parking and a metro stop. great restaurant at 500 m (nicolas flamel hostel for an unforeseen trip). the suites are spacious. last flat, the breakfast. we are used to 3 * and this is the first time we have the choice between at least 3 varieties of jams! revealing. it is therefore a 2 *.
lousy! horrible ! beware ! attention ! Mauvaise is dirty, smells horrible and the service is terribly bad. it 's quite dirty , the smell is awful and do n't get me started on the service ! it's really sal! it smells horribly and the service is really bad! not to approach
this hotel is a rip off! it's a trompe l'oeil! we paid 220 euros saying we were given a deluxe room at 275 euros! the room was shabby, the bed in 160 bathtub version, I think the bed was at least 20 years old, the tele 20 inch 80s! and it says 4 stars! go rather novotel chatelet for 30 euros more is a good standard ...
despite a reservation made 2 weeks before my arrival, with confirmation, more room available on my arrival. I was made to sleep in a studio ... but I was asked to pay in cash, which I refused. 2 nights in a studio without wifi access. attention for companies, the bills are not feasible by the people at the reception, do not know how to calculate the VAT. cheap breakfast ... very light masi.
very small common areas. unspeakable, tiny, poorly ventilated rooms overlooking a tiny courtyard and facing the kitchen of a residential building. (rooms x06) smells, vents and other fireplaces as view. do not expect to see the sky. walls, kind of nest-dust mite tissue, stained with boogers, dubious carpet. the rooms are poorly insulated, we can easily hear the neighbors. the rooms x04 overlook a courtyard a little larger. they are quot; accessible quot; disabled people ... unrealistic. the bathroom, quot; to the Italian quot; or cabins had many molds. opt for rooms facing the street as a last resort. double glazing . (Rooms x01-x02) The air conditioning and heating system is old and out of order. it sits in the middle of tiny rooms. many disparate electric heaters that give a DIY feel. the curtains are dirty, no duvets but old blankets. little more, the volunteer staff, despite the many angry and disrespectful hosts who expected better.
very good restore
good plan in the center of paris
any reception and room supposed soundproof noisy. to avoid
not so catastrophic
very warm welcome, good service and very personal
unhealthy and dangerous infested with bed bugs
I slept there one night in early December 2010, single room seems it (but a double bed). shabby. a blind room on the ground floor, visibly under the stairs. woke up at 4:30 by customers in stiletto heels. saw the other reviews, I imagine other rooms are better but beware! i spent a night there , beginning of december 2010 . i had a single room , on the ground floor , windowless . just shabby . obviously under the stairs . woke up at 4:30 a.m . by young ladies with spike heel . not sexy at all . considering the other message , i think that i had a bad experience but take care !
This hotel is a pure scam. on the site all rooms are equipped with toilets and television. in fact the rooms are filthy dirty without a toilet or television. the reception is miserable and threatening if one makes a point of claiming. to avoid at all costs. it will be as long as the health authorities are interested in this hotel before a problem arrives.
do not give the address to everyone
the very improved area next to Djiboutian
cheap . but should there be hotels with so little comfort!
silent courtyard room, except a regular thump (subway boiler). the vacuum had not been gone for some time, anyway, not the day j. unbeatable price, in connection with the service. very friendly welcome.
the internet does not work at this hotel. which is not a problem in itself except that the receptionist, not only is incompetent in the matter but also tries to take the client for an idiot. finally, when it becomes too obvious, it is always the receptionist who becomes aggressive and vulgar, with the approval of his boss ... a nightmarish stay! the solution to offer him the book quot; emotional intelligence for dummy quot; or change of receptionist. or change hotels.
very good stay!
do not be fooled by the website which shows nice pictures and a pleasant environment. Cautious I went to visit the hotel before making a reservation for a third person. stupor a dark hall and totally faded, no elevator, the double room that was shown sordid! a horror !
I was invited to Villa Bellagio by Zagat for their famous happy hour. Villa Bellagio is not just a bar but also a hotel. New York-style decor with red brick walls, tag writing, subdued lighting and photos that honor Hollywood stars. then we sit quietly on the sofa to order food. the pizzas are good but service a little long. I was told about their famous tacos, to test next time so. in the end, good atmosphere, good music, good cocktails and good food, a place to go between friends without hesitation.
old and sad hotel that needs a serious refresh. certainly the high rooms have a nice view. the very basic breakfast served in the room (no dining room) is certainly not worth the price. the wifi does not work well.
this hotel ... in a quiet area, the rooms clean, the owners very warm
to avoid, simply, we spent a week, the towels are not changed, the various insects invite you to your room, hotel near a bar very nice but very noisy, some rooms have just been renovated, it does not excuse anything, everything else is a throw away, the staff is useless, the beds not done or done in half! if you come for more than one night go your way.
I greatly enjoyed my stay because in addition to the rooms that were beautiful, the hotel has a person friendly, helpful and really very friendly that will delight the whole family and even the grandparents. very good hotel.
We had booked a week before arrival. We were told nothing about the lack of an opportunity for cancellation. the next day we had to change the plans 160 euro penalty money were charged complete demolition caution. we reserved one week in advance but no annulation term was mentioned . we had to cancel the trip the same day . the hotel charged 160 annulation fee . no good service at all . rather crooks . be aware on booked a week in advance without the hotel telling us that there is no possibility of cancellation. we had to change the trip the same day. they charged us 160 euros worth of thieves attention, no customer service.
Nice hotel and very clean. warm welcome ... the rooms are small (especially 25 euros) but quite clean and well kept .. it's worth it to go there.
free exposure all the year really very old but it was renewed it is very well maintained while it is really very very big which is difficult to clean well every day well as it is very good for families and friends so I advise you