the bar dedicated to the widow cliquot.
champagne in a bewitching alcove, discreet and intimate.
a real secret.
try the bar dedicated to champagne .
inside a modern alcove , red and grey , a moment to love .
uniq
their terrace is fantastic, a true haven of peace in full paris which you can abuse!
to avoid, never seen a service so slow and uncomfortable.
shame because the place is very nice.
timeless and beautiful, a unique hotel for a unique love.
superb.
magnificent and timeless , a unique parisian palace for a your only true love .
comfortable and cheap.
prés du cimetière.comfortable , cheap , and next to a cemetery .
but so good with a sunshine and a big spliff!
the guys let you pass cushy, you get a bench, you look at the breasts of your girlfriend and the breasts of another and you won everything.
to avoid !
unbearable tobacco smell in the room (mixed with powerful deodorant) not very clean hair under the pillow and in bathroom.
stained carpet.
extra outdoor terrace, comfortable, warm and heated when small fresh wind!
take a drink with mini croques à la truffle!
a delight!
and have dinner at the camellia!
accueil très chaleureux service de qualité et petit déjeuner gratuit have il i'a peu un ibis style
you can find much better on paris especially for the price!
poorly soundproof, dirty, clogged sink, broken shower, internet fee ..., the list is long so do not waste your time here!
Here is the recipe of Maxime Hoerth to prepare a healthy cocktail and detox made in the juicer 5 cl of fresh granny smith apple juice, 5 cl of fresh white grape juice, 5 cl of fresh fennel juice.
serve with ice and decorated if necessary with a branch of fennel.
health!
here is maxime hoerth 's recipe to prepare a healthy and detox cocktail made with a juice extractor 50 ml of fresh granny smith apple juice , 50 ml of white grape juice , 50 ml of fresh fennel juice .
serve on ice and decorated with a fennel slice .
cheers !
still a few days to go see the franglaises, at the theater of the nursery.
good time and laughs guaranteed!
you still have a few days to enjoy the show les franglaises at the théâtre de la pépinière .
do not miss it !
blog.saint-james-paris.com/
the mathematician and poet laurent derobert has shaped a new world of inspiration at le méridien etoile through 4 formulas of “ existential mathematics ” , specially created for our hotel .
explore this intriguing subject in video !
the mathematician and poet laurent derobert has drawn the contours of a new intriguing universe on the walls of the hotel through 4 formulas of "existential mathematics", specially designed for the star meridian.
discover this amazing discipline in video!
your stay left you an indelible memory say it on trip advisor!
bit.ly/votreavis your opinion counts and allows us to continuously improve the quality of our services.
for the children, the garden of acclimatization proposes to spend a pleasant moment by making the carousel (the old rides, the little train ...), while admiring the animals (bears, peacocks, donkeys, parrots ...) or the plants.
there are also outdoor games or small houses that sell treats ...
for the children, the garden of acclimatization proposes to spend a pleasant moment by making the carousel (the old rides, the little train ...), while admiring the animals (bears, peacocks, donkeys, parrots ...) or the plants.
there are also outdoor games or small houses that sell treats ...
I have never seen that in my life.
the host insults a customer (because the guy at the reception is too drunk and frozen) and put his point in the face and leave to run after hitting him with a motorcycle helmet.
worse as if it was not enough, put another couple out insulting.
really .. think well before going to the - /
do not go there!
Staff not friendly.
beware the wifi internet is paying, the information is omitted on their website.
breakfast too expensive.
moreover the photos of their site really give a false hope, the reality is much less advantageous.
I do not remember being so disappointed.
the rooms are tiny and very dark.
the furniture has lived well.
no elevator!
noisy rooms!
In short, a bitter taste after this stay and a feeling of being made.
as far as going to a hotel in the outskirts of the city for this price, the benefits are better
I had a competition in the same avenue, I could not have a quiet environment and the necessary access to carry my heavy luggage ... in fact, the hotel does not have shutters at the windows, no elevator, the condition of the rooms is more than mediocre and finally the acoustic insulation allowed me to hear the neighbors in the middle of the night ... in short, I do not recommend it.
Return from a stay in Paris, hotel very welcoming, good staff and very friendly, well located and arrange with great taste.
disastrous home, average room (mold, small bathtub with large traces of blackish limestone, toilet seat crooked, paint dripping on the tiling dirt, soap dish that is useless except to get hurt due to positioning, carpet with no and stained.
I did a test over 3 days with a white wire that I had cut in half and highlighted on the ground ... they did not move the week.
In short, out of the question for me to return.
I do not advise or in desperation.
very good hotel.
Perfect location in Paris 5 minutes walk from the Place de Clichy.
modern and clean room.
the staff and very welcoming special mention for the head of reception carlo.
to redo!
I take this hotel for 6 years to 15 times a year about week or we or 4/5 days in a row.
I have never had a problem as well in home day and night (some times I arrive late after my work 300 km province) the rooms are going to be renewed for some they are superb not a taste fault style quot; the lady in camelia quot; in comptemporain of very good taste with bathroom moderme shower super the rooms are small but disappearing but for a very very correct price management and staff day and night impeccable and helpful smiling as I can not find in the hiltons 5 times more expensive (also used hilton orly 10 times / year) otherwise very good neighborhood -cafe resto the lacombe at the foot, -the fabbrucca Italian restaurant has 2 not true dough venice -guy savoy 2 steps for the races fields and ave terms fnac suit hugo boss and ... st honore a 2 no -rien no missing taxi station at ied metroa 100 m parking street no d epb otherwise private parking at the foot in short a little paradise not to diffuse too much for avoid having no more rooms for yourself ... ..
very nice, I like to enjoy a hotel lobby clear and quiet.
Nice rooms, a nice breakfast and only a five minute walk to the Arc de Triomphe!
the receptionists are very friendly)
lamentable value for money zero no hot water at 5pm to shower room with a smell of vagrant tobacco room dirty hole in the wall scratched paint ... ceiling of the entrance hidden by an old plywood plate.
wc with unwinded paper broken sill threshold bar, crawl space in the bathroom not closed and infecte tt that for the incredible price of 380 euros per night ...
very small bathroom room more than rusty trace of rust on the edge of the tub and at the bottom.
does not deserve 3 stars.
only one .
the only positive side is that it is next to a metro station.
Cardinal is a character belonging to the universe of marvel comics.
he appeared for the first time in new warriors 28, in 1992. we do not know much about the life of the mercenary Joshua Clendenon.
he is a former soldier who has a daughter named valérie, herself engaged in the marine.
Clendenon was the leader of a mercenary squadron named Air Force.
they faced the new warriors and were defeated.
quiet and friendly hotel.
the restaurant is not good the meat tastes like grilled, they have scallops for st jacques, the dessert is very average ... and finally, the service is expeditious.
so to avoid.
hotel that deserves to be known.
small hotel warm and peaceful.
helpful and smiling staff.
to recommend !
not very smiling, small breakfast with coffee not very good and expired orange juice, no buffet as he says, tiny elevator that hangs often, room and bathroom very small (just fine for spend the nights there and still we sleep very badly), dubious tasks on the cushions
to flee, I have never seen a hotel so old, and no longer in the current standards, certainly there is no star.a sinister room in the 4th without elevator no network to receive calls there to emit, we can not even have reception!
.a toilet on the landing, no soundproofing, window that gives in a courtyard like tube 2 m wide.
a mattress of another age ... and the height!
a breakfast charged 9 euros with 2 toasts already buttered, a half kiwi 3 cartier clementine, 3 small pancakes and a bowl of black coffee ... a scandal!
.total of the palace 72 euros.bref I did not sleep of the night the various noises frololage and others ...
in fact it's way less!
the decor is so dated that even my great grandmother had to have contemporary wallpaper!
the bathroom deserves a serious blow of cillit bang to remove the musty (as old as the fresh) shower head without the pear, his come back to wash the tuyo!
wc on the landing (it's already average) but in addition the door does not close, and the width of the toilet does not remove the 70 cm, (basically it is usable until 12 years later must be contorssionist!
and to finish the closing hours of the hotel the night contrain returned before 23:30, as well say that amp; If the subway times in Paris are better not to have planned to go out late or far!
Fortunately, all these small successes are largely compensated by the quality of the service and the welcome ainci that the kindness of the manager!
basically some small jobs inexpensive to do (anti limestone product and anti mold, paint,) and a little maintenance of the equipment to control, and it can easily be spent from the average hotel less to the hotel more cheap and quality!
I went several times during my Paris break, dine at this well located property.
the reception is very friendly; the staff is dynamic, helpful.
it's nice to feel that because it's becoming more and more rare.
eating at night on the terrace is a pure treat.
the contents of the plates are just as rich and very good from the entrance to the desserts.
I will continue to spend some good moments in this establishment during my next trips in a charming place
it is in the heart of montmarte and pigalle that has just opened the hotel josephine, the youngest member of the paris-hotel group's family.
reminiscent of the roaring twenties, its decor is inspired by the sets of cabarets of the time of our dear josephine baker a "red mill" atmosphere but with modern accents.
at a time when the old nasty temples of the rue pigalle, frochot and victor massé settle, and where the "bars with whores" close one after the other in favor of new bars "bobos" (coffee carmen, at moune, r-pigalle, the carefree, mansart, glass ...), this hotel seems to want to keep the vintage spirit of the neighborhood, and add a touch of modernity.
this is the spirit of the new bobo district so-pi (ny inspired appellation for "south pigalle").
this small hotel (41 rooms) with decoration inspired by the world of the dance and the night, takes backstage appearances of the madnesses shepherdesses.
frilly in plumage, this small discreet hotel will be perfect to travel out of time and join the world of this dear josephine baker.
Do not be fooled by the wall carpet in the lobby of this new hotel.
the real discoveries are made in rooms with sparkling and charming colors.
big favorite for the retro fixtures in the devil and the room on the top floor, under the beams with a small private balcony for a romantic and intimate breakfast overlooking the rooftops of Paris.
the orange color is not your best ally so close your eyes when you enter the elevator.
the shock can be intense for the most sensitive.
here, the trip is in the spotlight and is discovered by keys through the exotic rooms and classes.
it's very cocooning and exotic.
only one question why one does not understand the presence of a small eyecup installed on each bathroom door.
unbelievable !
... we are received no matter how.
We ask for a coffee at their bar and he asks us to leave unless we take a room!
no politeness ... just amazing!
an awesome hotel close to the train station and a stone's throw from the casino de paris the rooms are clean the service is nice really a great time to spend there!
very innovative concept, the hotel love is an exceptional place where one comes to two or between friends spend a nice time in a hushed and intimate atmosphere.
the card is correct and we eat pretty well.
to do at least once to test a mood quot; different quot; .
arrived at the hotel, the reception is mediocre, the receptionist (we seem to annoy) barely said hello and gives us quickly the number of the floor and our room.
the room is ok but we have separate beds oo.
it looks clean but the 2nd day, we notice some kinds of chips jump in the bathtub gt; Finally, the price of breakfast is excessive (12 euros per person)!
positive well located, nice home, good soundproofing compared to the street.
24h reception.
negative.
small rooms, no drawers for storing business.
no electrical outlets I had to unplug the TV to be able to charge the laptop.
no phone usage or drinks at the mini bar.
lift down for 3 days.
phone calls without anyone answering in the middle of the night.
clerks who demand when the room is busy in the morning and leave clean towels on the floor in the hallway.
I took this hotel by default and did not find another hotel with a reasonable price.
nothing fancy for this hotel.
the rooms are clean and the staff welcoming.
no sound problems vis-à-vis the street.
the insulation of the rooms is to be reviewed against vis-à-vis the interior.
very good hotel, clean and tidy.
to recommend !
this magic hotel is really very beautiful and very well placed because it is on the most beautiful avenue in the world here is why if you want to spend a night of wake up on the most beautiful avenue in the world it's the place to go you do not would not be disappointed do not worry
...
I was advised in mid-December 2012 as a good hotel, but I found myself in an old room, old-fashioned, stale in a room from 380euro per night and 3 people (2 adults of medium size and a girl of 11 years) you could not turn so much was reduced, bathroom with molds at the angles and shower siphon that leaked and splashed everywhere, breakfast too expensive for what was offered and finally kept 75 euros for 1 hour of delay in leaving the room (they want 100 euro deposit as soon as you arrive for any extra consumption) .... considering that, of course, it was not full and justly sparsely occupied!
if you want a treatment quot; robbery quot; it's the right place!
...
I was in mid-December 2012 recommended as a good standard hotel, instead I ended up in a local, old, old-fashioned, stuck in a room € 380 per night and 3 (2 adults average body build) and a 11 year old girl) you can not turn so she was small, bathroom with shower mold at the corners and siphon leaks and squirts everywhere, breakfast too expensive for what was offered and finally detained € 75 for 1 hour of late to leave the room (they want € 100 deposit on arrival for all drinks extra) .... considered, of course, was not complete and badly occupied!
if you want a real treat flight quot; is the place!
the hotel is well placed but prices too high regarding the value for money.
the walls are so thin that we could hear the different conversations of our neighbors, the room well, although clean was not in an exceptional general condition and we did not have a shower curtain.
when we needed an iron, we had an old one with the cord was damaged and of course the board was optional given and my friend had to iron his shirt on the floor .. Breakfast is not included in the 220 euros per night which is very disappointing ... the service was ok even if a bit overrated.
I will not say it was the worst experience of my life, but neither was it by far the best!
good italian restaurant although that reputation of best Italian of the district is exaggerated, average service
old cultural place where all the Parisian press came to be found in a bubbling of ideas and debates, today this place has given way to a very luxurious cold and soulless hotel, which is besides in receivership since february 2013 .
to believe that the way the owners are quot; disposed of; all the former staff of the press club de france did not bring them happiness ... ....
very nice address for this small hotel which opened in September a very warm decoration, and charming and comfortable rooms, the staff is welcoming and friendly, the decoration is signed jacques garcia, to recommend
Excellent hotel overall.
I spent a week on Paris, and I stayed in this hotel for the duration of my stay.
we had, me and my companion, a very beautiful room with a very original decoration.
it was clean with nice furniture typical of Paris.
Basically, if I chose this hotel, it was especially for its very privileged location, I absolutely wanted it to be close to the fields elysées, and it turns out that this hotel is 5 minutes walk from the superb avenue.
In addition, it is 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower taking the subway.
the price of the room also motivated me, considering the location is not expensive at all, and for that, I must say that it is a very good value for money.
I do not forget to greet the staff.
they were all very professional, and were always available and smiling to inform us about the monuments and the hippest corners of Paris.
voila !
I took the time to write this message to advise without reservation this hotel which left me a very good impression.
very well placed.
we stayed one night on the top floor, courtyard view (very quiet indeed).
the walls are not very thick, we hear the neighbors easily (not until the snoring ^^).
room of correct size.
attic.
very hard mattress.
flat screen tv.
shower wc.
common areas in average condition.
breakfast orange juice, tea / coffee / chocolate, bread + pastry + toast, jam / butter, plain yoghurt.
in summary good value for money given the location of the hotel.
A very good value for money .
a nice deco and a warm welcome close to major department stores and major monuments.
I will come back without hesitation
hotel very well located, almost at the corner of boulevard haussman, a few steps from department stores and the opera garnier.
there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a metro station within a minute walk.
ideal to discover Paris.
very nice home.
there is always someone at the reception (day or night).
comfortable rooms.
I will return without problem.
the elevator is worth a look!
very good location.
near downtown.
positive and welcoming team.
clean hotel.
good quality rooms and the bathroom with a bathtub (which becomes rare in Paris).
I recommend .
Only downside no parking, in this area is a problem.
but if you come by train or plane I recommend it.
basically only good associations with this hotel.
the garden is just beautiful!
the greenery is very well maintained and you have lots of shadows with benches to ask you quiet!
Family picnics are nice to do there!
weird booking policy they only take reservations if you stay more than 2 nights ( ( ... never seen such ridiculous policy in any decent hotel around .
it is pretty wierd as the hotel has nothing special , and a rather unfriendly staff .
you feel like you are not welcome .
so , if as a client you are not wanted ... my suggestion is go elsewhere .
for the French choose another hotel.
they do not take reservations for less than two nights and apparently (see other reviews), do not refund if you interrupt your stay.
apart from this quasi-racket policy, the hotel is nothing great ... so go your way.
when we arrived, our booking was not taken into account while I had a confirmation email of the hotel!
the hotel was full so impossible to find us a room!
lack of professionalism in this case.
they offered to find another hotel but after 10 phone calls, all the hotels were full, the 11th was the right one (at the other end of the city) but without knowing where we would set foot (all Complete hotels except this one does not bode well for good quality), so we decided to shorten our stay.
1 day rotten in Paris instead of a good weekend ... .. we will return (in Paris) but certainly not bac st hermain!
hotel very pleasant, many characters, a little expensive but without regret.
well located .
no complaints !
if you are looking for a small nest socket, you make the right choice.
Belle Epoque hotel ... highly recommended.
after our second stay at Easter ... hat.
the interior of the rooms are very authentic.
warm atmosphere even in winter.
we feel a little bourgoise "because if the balconies are open (and it was until late at night and so the night so) the heart and soul of the Latin Quarter or the 'roaring 20' could be really felt ) ... room service and very often changed linné).
we will be coming soon for third time to summer ... first time visited december 26, 2012 until january, 6 very romantic.
with near advised of saint germain of meadows, our-lady, the seine incredible to see a balcone.
saxophone songs in the evening (19-21 clock) and Sunday morning.
very neat interior of the room and bathroom.
we were 11 days and nights between 2012 and 2013 and slept with open balconies ... dream for university students (near the sorbonne, faculty of medicine) ... we will keep coming back to this place and feel at home and never forget the first time my little trianon ... kisses mom with my daughter ...
how to say ... if you are visiting Paris for one night and you are not, but then not at all demanding and you have balls quiets, I think this hotel is for you) otherwise, too hot with non-adjustable heating.
in terms of smell, I felt like staying in a home for the elderly.
a lot of noise in the night with cracking floor, possibility of listening to the jokes of the next room, noisy stairs, staff very smiling and love to answer your questions ... no I'm kidding!
short hotel to take only for a room below 60 euros
unhygienic, showers full of grime, the bed and room room, a drain pipe passes into the room and makes a deafening noise with each use (full night included) short hotel to avoid at all costs for the same price there has a lot better!
hotel booked and paid for 3 weeks, arrival at 10:30 and no room, not a word of excuse, sends us to his boyfriend!
1h30 lost to find another room, other tourists were in the same case as us.
Says on the phone that all rooms have en-suite bathrooms and showers are in the hallway!
Friendly hotel is clean.
no air conditioning and garage, but there is a vinci garage next door.
very correct summarizes for a hotel at the Porte de Paris
hotel to avoid 1. the hotel Havana is officially a 3 star it does not deserve it!
cramped corridors, rooms small and in poor condition (the bathroom door was literally gnawed with moisture, the wallpaper faded and glued with tape, the TV remote failed, the hair dryer down,.
..), totally insufficient breakfasts both in choice and quality, ... 2. very noisy, both internally (everything sounds from room to room, from floor to floor) and outside (there are night cafes and 2 parkings for motorbikes in the street) we spent 2 sleepless nights (our 9 year old son cried in despair in the middle of the night to not be able to sleep) and our stay suffered greatly (visit the big kandinsky exhibition without having slept what a mess!
... )
the room, redone recently (the only positive point), stinks of the smell of sewer in the bathroom (on the 6th floor, a roof).
the air conditioning does not work worse, it blows hot, by 32 ° C outside (even when stopped).
a real oven.
the room offers a poor garden chair in scrap and wood, more than uncomfortable.
assured style, as much as discomfort.
the rooms overlooking the courtyard on the top floors, receive all the noise and smell of extractors of the restaurants of the ground floor, launched at full speed during the service.
(and considering the heat, impossible to close the windows) especially not to arrive during the night watchman's watch.
little eager, grumpy, and understandable limit, and royally ignoring customer satisfaction.
an execrable price / quality ratio.
in short, to flee urgently
399 rue des pyrenées is to flee a grimy hotel even my dog ​​does not deserve a place like this ... ..!
pity that I can not add photos flee escape .... !
we booked this hotel as well located and economical.
very warm welcome and Rachel always ready to help you in your restaurant choices.
quiet room .
nice decoration.
free wifi access!
tea available after a day of sightseeing.
really a very good choice.
I used this hotel as part of a business trip.
everything is in standard, reception, comfort of the room neither more nor less.
asset good geographical location.
1 good hotel good side, quiet location, perfect reception service, perfect room (feather room), easy access near the north station and metro, rich breakfast buffet, good extra (coffee machine in the room internet free at the reception iphone alarm clock in the room), keeps luggage at the reception on the last day.
2- Negative side breakfast on Sunday morning (03-11-2013), the preposer was a little over (slow) for the reassortment of the buffet, missing a wardrobe in the room or storage area.
it's really worth it.
the hotel has an indescribable charm, which begins with the flowers covered by its facade.
each room is unique.
the people are really nice.
when we leave, he leaves us the desire to return immediately.
very friendly neighborhood bar and friendly clientele.
the prices are quite low and the choice varied.
I recommend the beer and mojitos.
unforgettable stay from 11 to 18 august a district to visit a hotel of charm modern and authentic very nice the gym followed by a hammam, to finish in the living room to drink champagne between beams nd era and stone walls of personal bets available warm welcome continental breakfast hearty (beware if you are on the diet baked cakes on the spot they are formidable) to advise!
reservation problem at the arrival of the hotel we had specified (the day before and at the time of booking) that a baby was present and we bring an umbrella bed.
the person at the reception did not know what to do, because usually the bed is provided (and of course charged extra!)
no ability to adapt, problems also to express themselves.
In addition, we had booked 2 rooms including a quot; twins quot; with 2 separate beds; we had 2 double rooms ... the condition of the rooms was acceptable, but the kettle and cups above the mini-fridge were dirty, there were traces of cake on the rim of the cups as well as the tea or dried coffee on the tray.
Then the tiny bathroom could touch the sink, shower and toilet at the same time.
badly placed lights, the shower was very dark, and the shower door squeaked.
if not for the few positives the wifi, the view (6th floor), overall price, and location.
small friendly hotel, very well located next to the metro, express crossroads, brewery quot; to the subway quot; (They serve very good salads!)
Japanese / Asian restaurant.
small room but sufficient for short stay, rather nice staff, can be a bit too quot; familiar quot; .
a hotel with good value for my taste.
calm attention but not totally!
I read some reviews that say it's quiet but beware!
the street is quiet but the hotel less.
In the room where we were overlooking the Rue de Malte, we heard the metro and felt the vibrations of it every five minutes.
moreover the insulation between the rooms is rather bad, we heard the toilets of the room next door as well as the movements of the people etc ... that did not disturb us because with the fatigue, no difficulty to sleep but some may not live it the same way as us.
cleanliness of the room nothing to say, more rooms seem to have been renovated a short time ago so pleasantly surprised at the opening of the room.
there is wi-fi, for my part I was on the first floor, it worked pretty well except for a few cuts.
the staff was pleasant, we responded easily to our requests even at late hours.
regarding breakfast, to avoid.
the price is excessive.
a little tip, there is a bakery around the corner, a croissant with a coffee and you come out for a lot less money.
I arrive at the hotel, they give me my key, my room was on the 5th floor, guess!
no assenter!
broken down, I ask how long, I've been told for quite a few days.
I asked why is it not mentioned on the site I'm told it's the boss who did not do it.
I climb the 5 floors, I immediately try to connect to work on my computer, it takes a code for my internet connection, until normal!
I dial 9 for the reception, I am confirmed that the hotel has no internet connection!
I am even more frightened!
I still note that when I booked by internet it is a criterion that I asked and it is mentioned that your hotel has a connection!
the answer given to me, the same quot; it is the director who does not want to remove this mention quot; .
I am kindly proposed to go to a bar where a connection is possible if not to work with an unsecured connection.
third episode so I decided to take a shower, I open the bathroom door, already very small, but believe me I was but out of me!
mold on the walls, black tiles at the joints.
Since how long this hotel has not been visited by the health service someone does their job how can you still rent this room the soundproofing even worse!
the evacuations of water that we hear in continuous, the curtains rooms, old washbasin that flees ..
I paid for a service that in my opinion is a lie and more that is not worth the price.
good luck to follow them!
by or to begin ... non-existent reception, the guy at the reception gave me my key and he did not go to do something else ... he was not interested to know if I was a tourist or other, if I was going to need wifi or if it interested me to know what time I could take my breakfast; continental quot; the morning that was included in my reservation!
I will return to this breakfast further afield ... the elevator is scary (moves strange) and there is no indication of the maximum weight supported or the date of the last technical control.
the state of the corridor is dilapidated, just like the rooms!
litrie dates from the 30s, the floor is dusty, the windows are single glazed (in the city!)
my room was on the 5th floor and the ceiling on this floor does not exceed 1m95, tall person or clostro abstain!
the bathroom is a real disaster!
no plastic bag in the trash (visible trace of the last tenant .. yuck) the glass is a classic glass (usually a plastic glass under plastic), thank you hygiene!
the bath is a little elevated so we still catch the ceiling which is already very low!
and it is full of mold over the bath ... same for the shower curtain!
once on 2 the toilets make an insisportable hissing sound.
the pear shower has no support and elongated max I just over my head (I'm 1m70 ....) .
I will finish with the continental breakfast ... the most rikiki that I was given to see!
1 croissant, a piece of bread a coffee, a chocolate or a tea ... that's all!
no orange juice no milk roll no cereal, no fruit!
and the desu on does not tighten all alone, no question of going to look for a croissant because the lady left after 5 min is never seen again.
have a good word ...
apart from the location which is in the center of Paris so well located the rest leaves a desire.
poorly soundproofed room.
stained carpet.
bathroom very small and dirty.
Very high price for the quality of this hotel.
I do not recommend
small hotel very good value for money!
ideal for a weekend or short break to visit the capital on a budget.
very well located in the center of paris near the tourist places.
close to metros oberkampf and republic.
hotel 2 stars cheap, the staff is easily reachable by mail or phone, once there they are quite cold but available.
3 days in this hotel on the 2nd floor with elevator, in a small room completely redone!
it was a very good surprise!
the view of the courtyard is not terrible but at least it is quiet!
the bathroom is totally new and very well equipped!
sound insulation is a weak point ... many door noise.
but at that price I really recommend this hotel for a quick getaway in the capital without breaking the bank)
the general hotel said "I invite you to my neighborhood".
the call was answered.
we spent the night there.
go to the hotel in his own city, the feeling is delicious, strange, exciting.
we disembark around 22h.
good reception of the receptionist who lets us go alone in our room.
it is composed of a small room with a small adjoining lounge separated by a corridor where are embedded two sinks, the bath giving in the room.
the space is optimized to the maximum.
the decor is rather nice and good taste, but with some problems of finishes.
poorly thought out handles, paint overflowing with complaints.
we probably quibble but at 300 € the room we did not pay, we allow ourselves.
here are the flats.
for the rest a perfect night.
with the preliminaries (the apple on the pillow and the bathrobe on the bed), good bedding and especially no noise because the room overlooks a surprisingly quiet courtyard for the neighborhood.
the general is campaigning!
but the best of the best is breakfast.
the buffet is excellent, the food varied, the fresh products and quite worthy of the stars of the 4 * of the general.
the space is very nice and the service impeccable.
Oh I was going to forget, there is a fitness center but was exceptionally closed during our stay.
small hotel very well located 300m from the parmentier metro.
It does not look like it is clean, affordable and the owners are friendly.
on the other hand, the old construction causes bad sound insulation at the doors of the rooms and one can be disturbed by what happens in the stairwell.
in short a good address to recommend (light sleep to abstain) ps a very good Indian restaurant is located a few streets further up republic.
the room itself is ok (comfy bed, shower and toilet ok), but needs a good clean up; in the same way, Ikea furniture needs to be renewed.
during our stay, neither sheets nor towels were changed.
the breakfast is too expensive for 7 euros for a half baguette, a croissant, a hot drink, a juice, a portion of butter and jam.
the hotel is 2 minutes from the metro station pelleport, very convenient.
the staff is friendly
to avoid .
I strongly recommend it for a 2 star hotel is extremely expensive 88 euros for a triple room, on everything with the reception staff who do not even answer your hello.
the state of rooms let hope better decoration hyper outdated no phone, no remote control.
very noisy insulation nonexistent.
I went there with my friends for the period from May 19 to May 22, 2009.
At the end of our stay, we wanted extended and for that I asked the watchman to book again for 4 nights.
Next morning, the receptionist refused to change the room (as it was very small for three people, and is located above a bar), and even threatened to cancel the reservation, if we do not pay the totality the bill for the coming days (he wanted to have money for the service not provided!)
, by not being satisfied with the loans of blue card which he had on his hands for three days.
we were very surprised, he wanted to physically threaten me out of the reception.
I wanted to call the police, but since we had a scheduled appointment, I dropped.
now, as I am free I decided to warn other potential customers and especially the management of the hotel.
bad experience if you go in the winter (and in summer I do not know lol), because the shower is in the hallway and you risk a cold.
the building is old, dirty and unhealthy, no renovation in years.
I advise him to make a visit from the head of the tourist office in Paris and put the points on the i to the Chinese manager, he is a bit rude and has little preocupe for its customers ...
After a reservation by phone 48 hours in advance, I had to change my stay in Paris.
the reception confirmed my reservation without telling me that it was not cancellable less than 48 hours in advance while I was paying the normal price.
when I called 2 hours later when I received the confirmation email, they did not want to know anything about the fact that the general conditions of sale were listed on their website.
and that he will recontact me if they can not re-let the room.
of course this was not the case (but no way to validate that of course).
it is always unpleasant to see after the fact that we got stuck in a trap.
Even if the hotel is well located, the finishes are not at the rendezvous (during my previous stays in this hotel) and especially in the bathroom.
and to top it all they promised me to send me the bill and I've been waiting for it for over a month!
no long term vision no customer satisfaction management and they prefer to earn cash, even if it is worth a negative opinion on google
the staff is friendly but nothing more.
in any case it is very good for a school trip.
the breakfast is very good but the lunch and dinner less, but hey, it's very convenient anyway, right in the center.
I spent 3 days in mije with class friends.
the rooms are very nice, clean and pretty well insulated from the outside noise.
there are the w.c. and the showers in the rooms, very good.
the meals are very good, no worries to get over it; ) We really enjoyed this hostel, I recommend it!
This is really the worst hotel I have ever been to arriving from a particular room of reservation.
1st room offered stinks of painting 2nd room quot; it remains that ca quot; it was lamentable no catch except that of the TV which was not present in the passage, no cover the window does not close at once you quail all night and you are awakened by the pigeons in short a room well dilapidated no more toilet No shower on the floor ca did not even a 30 euros .... unhelpful staff ... .and I could still add ... ..
I do not recommend it absolutely ...
the premises downstairs so home, refectory, bar, computer room are very beautiful, and well maintained but for what is the rest, it leaves seriously desired, the room is disgusting I ended up with a drunk guy and violent for a bed story while he had not booked, which forced me to bring in the security guard if I wanted to sleep peacefully.
the rooms are not accessible from noon to 4 pm so the flights are limited but for those who wish to rest then it is not possible.
for that is the breakfast that went little but I strongly advise to buy ate at the small store which is located 2 steps from the hostel because the meal rates are exorbitant.
the hostel does not take checks
hi matic, everything is automatic but above all everything is very intuitive here no incomprehensible technology.
we just have to let ourselves be guided.
Anyway, there is always someone to help you if needed or give you good local addresses.
the room is playful, original and depaysante.
I particularly love the mattress in shape memory.
I recommend to anyone who wants to discover Paris differently
4 nights spent at this hotel in June 2013. very good establishment, the premises are pleasant and in good condition.
bright room with a big television.
only negative, the street is quite noisy, almost crippling to open the window (there is however a small balcony).
the room is made daily.
the staff are extremely friendly and helpful.
the hotel has a very nice flowery courtyard and the breakfast that can be had is quite good but lacks a bit of variety.
