superb place and class for a unique declaration of love ... the bar is fantastic
extremely basic comfort but very good quality / price ratio.
well located .
24-hour reception
clean rooms, nice welcome, free wifi network in all rooms, just a little noisy!
the bar team fayette advises you the real burger, a real explosion in the mouth ... the bar the fayette team recommends the real burger, a true explosion in mouth ...
I have already visited Paris with my friends.
We chose interhome and we are very happy with this decision!
through interhome we found quality accommodation at a cheap price
very good restaurant, good service, excellent value for money
beware ... overbooking at this hotel.
I made three rooms occupied before finding a free one ... Long live security!
a very couture brunch.
the concept every month, a new couture claw is associated with brunch w. brunch à la carte caesar salad (16 €), potato tortilla (14 €) or a deluxe burger (16 €).
spacious rooms (30 m2), clean (the boss had them renovated this year), modern bathroom (jet shower), near the center, hearty breakfast (classic or American style)
try the terrace of the restaurant w .. it's open!
same map, same products, same quality ... but on the 8th floor in the sun!
warwickparis
Did you know that hopper loved France and made 3 trips in the early 20th century?
Enjoy an extra week to see the magnificent exhibition hopper at the Grand Palais.
bookings open this afternoon.
a breathtaking and chronological retrospective, replacing the painter in his time, his influences and evolutions.
a big thank you to our guests who took the time to leave their reviews on tripadvisor "perfect hotel in every respect", "very nice boutique hotel", "excellent hotel, look forward to going back", "do not miss this parisian gem ".
if you have stayed at the hotel de banville, do not hesitate to tell us your opinion on facebook or on our tripadvisor!
thank you to our clients who took the time to give us some feedback on tripadvisor .
if you have stayed at the hotel de banville , do not hesitate to share your opinion on facebook or on our tripadvisor page !
come celebrate the new year at the keppler hotel!
your concierges will be happy to organize the most unforgettable eve party.
a suggestion pass the end of 2013 and the beginning of 2014 aboard a fly boat, all in the heart of the city of light!
start the new year at the foot of the eiffel tower and discover the menu of New Year's Eve that our chef raphael has specially prepared for you!
the hotel hyatt regency paris star is pleased to introduce the general manager michel morauw.
"After accompanying the hyatt group in many projects.
I am delighted to take over the management of this hotel which has an emblematic address in Paris, near the Palais des Congrès.
the restaurant la fayette welcomes you in a contemporary decor that plunges you into an intimate and warm atmosphere.
every detail has been studied with the greatest care, in order to create for the guests a moment of pleasure and refinement ....
book in addition to your room, a late check out, a bottle of champagne * or your breakfast at exclusive internet price, it is now possible on mercure.com!
did you know * alcohol abuse is dangerous for your health.
to consume with moderation .
hymn to the same homage to edith piaf.
today, October 10, 2013, 50th anniversary of the death of edith piaf.
even after so many years, his songs continue to move us and celebrate love.
a tribute to edith piaf .
today , october 10th 2013 , is the 50th anniversary of edith piaf 's death .
even after so many years , her songs continue to celebrate love .
the sun arrives on paris!
promotions too!
discover the summer promotions of the quality suites bercy library, there is necessarily an offer for you with the summer rate, get a ticket boats flies offered for any reservation!
Do you have a long weekend in Paris with the offer 2 = 3. book 2 nights, the third is free!
take the time to discover paris with our 6 = 7. book 6 nights, the seventh is free!
Very comfortable hotel if you take a big room.
very nice staff.
good value for money .
flat screen tv channel + tnt
answer olivier olivier, if the rate changes it is simply in order to offer the best rate for the customers, sign of good management of the hotel reservations!
in addition, frequently, there are non-refundable offers; (immediate online payment afon to benefit from the rate offered at the time of booking) so legitimate to be refused the rate if you arrive spontaneously (condition not met) more we do not judge a hotel on the system reservations but on the all the service points of the hotel!
finally specials from 159 had in 4 * with a service of day and night of this quality!
very rare of our day.
very nice hotel the suites are a bit small but great in terms of class and comfort seen eiffel tower with small balcony very appreciated the service is impeccable
frankly I made a stay of 3 nights and following the different opinion read and seen on the internet I asked questions about the quality of service and maintenance but I went because the reservation on the internet was made and then pay quot; to god va quot; friendly single room with double bed, shower, TV (flat screen), sink 4th floor without elevator and toilet on landing the paintings are faded.
after inspection of the room it is clean and no small animals on the horizon lack the neon above the sink (supplied and go up by the home) the shower mixer is blocked on hot so to overcome this failure to reduce on general power supplies in hot and cold to have an acceptable temperature.
the carpet is faded but without particular odors the cover lived but it is hot then no need table, chair and TV with correct remote control.
the stay the neighbors are quiet and without problems especially the reception is friendly and helpful the housekeeping is correct and every day the heat of more than 30 ° we made the nights were not very relaxing the shower was there to refresh us.
conclusion the reception and daily maintenance is correct there is a serious brushstroke to renovate the walls and carpets the plumbing maintenance is poor the neighborhood is lively and offers plenty of opportunities for restoration and restoration.
shopping without being a trap for tourists (real people in a real neighborhood paris) so I do not regret staying and given the price, do not expect to have the comfort of a two-star.
good stay to you and that small comment flash.
hotel located in a quiet street, clean rooms, very friendly staff, free wifi with excellent reception signal.
if you are passing through paris I recommend this establishment.
unusual, secret and very particular .... it perfectly defines this unusual place ... go up the Avenue Junot, stop at a beautiful carriage door, ring, whisper ... mansion ... we open you, walk a few steps in a small cobbled street and enter the garden of the mansion ... a magical place, incredible, peaceful, beautiful, the perfect place to enjoy a glass of champagne!
you can dine, listen to jazz ... brunch on Sunday.
to recommend to live a very special moment!
Quiet hotel and very pleasant.
Price a bit high
beautiful building art nouveau signed Jules Lavirotte.
although it is impossible to realize, this building was made of reinforced concrete.
but the facade is entirely covered with vegetal sandstone motifs (Alexandrist bigot ceramist).
these patterns are typical of the art nouveau movement.
wonderful hotel with beautiful rooms and meals!
it was very very very comfortable and I recommend it to everyone.
I intend to return myself.
it was also very easy to find.
Amazing, one of the only hotels in the world or if you want to change your reservation a week before your arrival date you are charged for your stay two nights result 638 euros for one person, breakfast not included while he had is paid in advance!
in addition to that, infernal heat in the rooms in winter, so impossible to sleep!
look elsewhere, the area is full of hotels and there is necessarily better, cheaper!
the director does not need any customers anyway since he makes no concessions!
quiet and pleasant hotel.
it is good value for money.
the staff is smiling.
A small boutique hotel located steps away, the reception is welcoming and the rooms are quiet and well equipped.
free wifi, breakfast buffet and internet station available.
Superior star rooms are spacious and can be family (surcharge), 2 minutes from the convention center, a good address!
good hotel clean air-conditioned rooms the tele is just too small is a pity the beds very very comfortable but the spring creaks and it's a shame, the staff is very spicy the prices are affordable brief I spent an excellent stay!
modern 50 years ago, maybe ... traveling for work, I was very very disappointed ... half-dilapidated room, hygiene of dubious toilets, no plug in the bathroom ( practical to shave with the electric ...), the wifi is paying, the tv is noisy, small bed, the list is long ... easy to find better for the same price in the same neighborhood, so the argument of proximity does not hold.
in summary, to avoid ...
simply exceptional!
a welcome at the top, with the presentation of the hotel and its history until the accompaniment in the room.
our room was magical (opera garnier) with all the comfort you could ask for.
a true paradise on paris.
when at breakfast, excellent, with choice and quality products!
the hotel had also recommended a nearby restaurant that was just as exceptional, quot; the percolator quot; .
very clean hotel with great hospitality.
the breakfast is full and varied and the breakfast room is beautiful.
the rooms are comfortable and the bedding exceptional.
good address to recommend!
We came here with my wife for a weekend in Paris.
we were not disappointed the room was nice, bright and quiet.
The hotel staff was welcoming and was able to advise us for visits, restaurants ...
I recommend
a little better than the hotel in the same street, but for 80 euros the first night and 110 euros the next; we can find much better in the area, hotel not very well soundproofed because of the addition of rooms on each floor, with tiny bathroom, correct staff with very hearty breakfast for 9 euros the mention good, the rest banal for a total 208 euros is high.
very nice hotel clean room nice staff i had a very good 5 night stay
perfect, very welcome from a lovely receptionist, the rooms are very comfortable and the staff very nice, in a mythical area right in front of the red mill
I go there often with colleagues / friends / family at noon it's really nice, atmosphere and very pleasant service.
quality products, meat fish cheese ... etc.
very good value for money, but avoid the evening because too many people or arrive tot).
not much interest in this cafe, otherwise to have a large bay window, overlooking the street Mansart.
the decor is not new, and the rest (conso) is very ordinary.
apparently, it's mostly a venue for youth quot; connected quot; from the neighborhood .
if you are not, you will not stay there longer than your consumption will last, the time to see all these young people snapping a kiss with a demonstrative enthusiasm, that you will not share ...
very nice hotel with excellent value for money.
the hotel has a beautiful entrance with a beautiful bar.
the club room is spacious and has a small seating area with a sofa and a table, so we can receive friends quietly, the decor is chic and relaxing, very comfortable beds, a modern bathroom with outlets bathroom (very rare on paris except 5 stars) .ma room overlooked the inner court so that I enjoyed a total silence for my morning graces.
the service is ok but lacks a little heat, 2nd bad point the maids open the door even if it was indicated not to disturb, and if it is not that, you wake up with a call from the reception ... to correct!
very good rental of the hotel which is 20seconde of the station Europe and 8min walk galleries lafayettes!
great location, very clean, very decent breakfast buffet and super friendly staff.
during a stay of 3 nights (booked in double room), we asked to be able to change rooms after the first night for a room with twin beds, and although the hotel is full, it was done in 30 minutes .
and we received a triple room at no extra cost.
hat!
should I say 'to recommend'
the home is very nice, with directly at the entrance of the banquettes that are dreaming, the door is clean in the rooms the beds are comfortable enough, the bathroom is quite roomy, the only inconvienent is that some shutters are broken in any case in room 287
nice hotel, recent renovation, very good service.
only negative point the soundproofing.
disappointed for the price.
the elevator is very small with very strange noises.
On the room side we had the right to a very small double room with stained linens and carpet.
very small bathroom with toilet just outside the door where it is very difficult to sit upright, the shower seals are hs and the pressure is almost zero.
the tv is very small flat screen and very poorly located compared to the bed against many TNT and HD channel.
missing bulbs or hs in the room.
the room is equipped with a mirror and safe.
we slept badly because we were awakened around 5am by a neighbor talking in the hallway.
hearty breakfast despite a problem with the hot drink machine.
the hotel is beautiful and clean!
the staff are welcoming and smiling.
room 213, I am satisfied.
it is true that the floor of the rooms crack a little, it's a bit embarrassing especially for others ... my room was overlooking the street lafferière, it was very quiet and appreciable.
metro steps away!
the hotel is new and very clean, the beds are very comfortable, the staff welcoming and accommodating.
our room (one of the smallest in the hotel certainly) was a little tight but had a large closet for storing clothes and suitcases.
so just to spend the weekend it was more than enough.
the soundproofing is good between the rooms, the street is not too busy and double glazing is effective.
the air conditioning works well and is silent.
Decoration level, our room was of a modern and sober style.
In short, my partner and I keep a good memory of this hotel.
I stayed a few days in this small hotel in the Rue des Martyrs in the heart of Paris and I was very satisfied.
the rooms are clean and well furnished, the welcome is warm.
the hotel is perfectly located between montmarte and opera.
a great stay that I'm not ready to forget.
Congratulations for its original dishes and the design quite fascinating!
we really want to extend our lunch on site, so we feel good ... continue well!
excellent hotel.
very design, elegant, comfortable.
very friendly welcome.
I have a bad memory there.
being younger, one refuses to serve a waterworm to a friend of mine.
aside from this non-trivial negative point it is indeed a beautiful place, where one is at your care.
yet I do not think it's worth the price.
this hotel is ideally located since it is on the Champs Elysées.
the view is superb and the service is impeccable.
the meals are also of high quality and the breakfast is more than satisfactory.
I recommend this hotel for a stay in Paris.
impeccable service and spacious rooms.
Nothing to say in the course of work, not against a bit expensive for a private trip.
The setting of this hotel is nice, and the welcome was rather warm when I arrived.
breakfast .
is ok without more.
on the other hand, I had to take a cold shower the morning of my departure, the boiler having broken down.
I had no excuse and even less commercial gesture for this technical incident.
it is generally in the exceptions that we can judge the qualities of a performance, on this one I was very disappointed, so I would put a note lower than average.
very beautiful architesture modernize by a soupsons of renaissance agremente a amenity of the personel and the whole covered with a royal comfort, the search for the decor is purified, refreshed but the flat are the ratio quality price in spite of the beauty of the place
Often on a business trip in Paris, I tested the aparthotel paris formula, with some reluctance ....
I was conquered!
these serviced apartments paris as they are called in britain are extraordinary, very modern, in immaculate condition, extremely well equipped.
The Madeleine Opera location was perfect for my travels, very central, metro at 100m.
the services are amazing (free phone I liked a lot), many more than elsewhere, and the reception is very warm and professional.
the bed, nothing to say perfect!
better than many hotels 4 or 5!
I will come back and recommend you without moderation!
jean-paul, from lyon (france)
located one hundred meters from Vendome Square in the middle of the street of peace.
this show has received the palace label recently.
an unusual architecture, a sensational decoration make this address one of the most beautiful hotel in paris.
beautiful little hotel in the middle of the quot; golden triangle quot; .
recently restored hotel, very elegant and refined.
the rooms offer a great comfort.
we are rather in a standard **** than ***.
good compromise quality / price / situation for my appointments on paris.
Arriving at the end of the evening of New Year, the receptionist was very courteous and we kindly outclassed in a double room called "quot; deluxe quot; .
In fact we were treated to a brand new room with modern and quiet decor (in addition to double glazing) with a large shower and a huge flat screen TV, ideal for watching movies.
Free wifi allowed us to surf to find a good restaurant but the receptionist helped us a lot too.
we especially loved the breakfast buffet which is very hearty with a large selection of hot drinks (teas, coffee, chocolate ...) and fresh pastries and the possibility of leaving our luggage at the reception to enjoy our day in Paris.
Without any hesitation, we will return with great pleasure!
a contemporary decor, a warm and professional welcome, the must-have cocktail bar that can create it with the help of bartender or even passing alone behind the bar a big thank you to jocelin, the bartender, for his master yoda.
to do absolutely.
tiny room without decoration, not at all like what is presented on their website.
old furniture, ugly and damaged.
only 8 TV sets, including 2-3 in French.
2 small single beds.
room overlooking the flowerbed where everyone passes and therefore very noisy.
no ventilation in the room forced to open the window, overlooking the lawn, to get the moisture out of the shower.
no privacy.
on the other hand, close to everything and clean.
very nice hotel, super friendly staff.
I keep an excellent memory of my stay.
only negative point was the lunch.
sheets too short for the bed, so that the feet and calves are directly on the mattress!
the room was left wide open after cleaning with all our luggage inside including our laptop on the table and no service woman in the area!
a shabby bed top and dubious cleanliness!
at the reception when you point out these inconveniences, we retort that it is only a 2 stars (at 150 euros per night we can still expect better, no) a single positive point, the proximity of the Eiffel Tower, but there are other hotels much better at the same price in the area ...
the hotel de lille is the typical place to the few mansions that have made the charm of paris.
the rooms are small (not to mention the elevator) but that's what creates its charm.
the modesty of the rooms is largely compensated by the reception that the dynamic, young and helpful reception team offers you.
(Special mention to Nicolas who always has the word to laugh).
See you soon in Lille!
in a beautiful district of the 14th, this hotel very well located allows a pleasant stay
The hotel is located in the best location in Paris.
a few meters from the metro, Notre Dame cathedral and the main streets.
next to the courthouse and police (gendarmerie).
local very safe, clean and pleasant.
the hotel is old and conservative in style.
it does not have a lift or 24-hour reception.
but the rooms are new (reformed) spacious, airy and clean.
big bathroom.
breakfast is courtesy of the house.
simple, but a lot of taste.
nice staff.
especially recommend the optimal cost for the location.
hotel full of charm and has a very good standard!
this is not the ritz, but the price / quality ratio is very good, with a very efficient young team at the reception, a very good location in the center of paris, what more to recommend
not tested breakfast.
very well located, good value for money
super nice welcome, the center of saint germain ... simple decor, quiet atmosphere ... great breakfast for those who love fresh bread.
short to recommend for the neighborhood ...
I go back for my next training on Paris ...
nestled in popular neighborhoods, the kube hotel offers a quirky experience, with a luxurious establishment from the reception in its square courtyard (see cubic), you can admire one or two luxury vehicles that set the scene.
the restaurant, known in its beginnings for its ice bar (which in the process is well worth the detour), plays the card of luxury and a polar atmosphere, with its furs.
Hotel Kube (little brother of the Murano) offers an all-you-can-eat buffet on Sundays from 11:30 to 17:00. besides hot drinks (tea, coffee illy, hot chocolate), and fresh fruit juices, the menu quot; arty brunch quot; offers sweet side mini pastries (croissants, pain au chocolat, raisin breads, apple baskets), breads, blueberry muffins, mini chocolate muffins, fluted, rum babas, madeleines, apples tatin, waffles, pancakes, rice au vanilla milk with caramel, caramel cream, crème brûlée, mascarpone with strawberries, tart of the day (raspberry, caramelized pears flambé, ganache ...), crumble with three chocolates, fruit salads to compose oneself, cereals, sweets, etc.
the salty buffet is also very rich eggs to order (casserole, boiled, poached, flat, omelette ...) served with bacon and / or poultry sausage, mixed salads, kebabs tomatoes mozzarella, smoked salmon, salmon tartar , royal foie gras, salmon tartare, tuna steak with 3 sesame, scrambled eggs with herring caviar, green fruit gazpacho, 3 sesame prawns on green tomato chutney, assorted cheeses and cold cuts, and dish hot of the day (veal blanquette, chicken curry ...).
the menu quot; arty brunch quot; varies according to the seasons, the color of the sky and the desires of the chef but the dishes presented above are great classics.
a terrace is installed during the beautiful days.
In addition to an exceptional setting and buffet, the kube regularly offers live music and / or art exhibitions.
it is advisable to book in advance
on the first floor of a modern and trendy bar, there is an all-ice room at -15 degrees.
atmosphere guaranteed once down jacket and gloves (lent by the house), the server offers 5 crescendo alcoholic cocktails (attention to the drivers), and you will visit the bedroom ...; ) a place to see.
valet service available
hotel not at all clean, room too small for 3 people, safe unusable, TV blocked on a single chain, no wardrobe, no heating or hot water on arrival .... unfriendly neighborhood, and welcome to review, the only positive point is the proximity of the subway to travel!
the photos on the website do not really correspond to reality, it is not worth a 3 stars!
recently renovated, friendly staff, breakfast served at the table, a good cheap address to remember on paris!
room not terrible and tiny (street side), better the hotel step next ... it's a chain but the rooms are better
I was very disappointed by the quality of this hotel which does not correspond in reality to the images presented on the internet.
in a state of disrepair, he would seriously need a refresh.
the price does not match the quality of the establishment.
when at breakfast, not happy to have to take it to another hotel it is provided by our big dealer quot; liddle quot; , 8 € 50 per person is not acceptable.
I also had the unpleasant surprise that the cheapest rooms on the site were among the most expensive in the hotel.
in short, I will not go back ... ..
the rooms are big and comfortable, the noise of the street does not exist.
the breakfast is delicious, varied and plentiful and the conversations very rewarding.
the center is not far and Montmartre is a stone's throw away.
Finally, if you come to Paris by car, the Abbeville car park is an address where you can leave it for half price thanks to your hosts.
the only downside is the inner insulation.
the walls are very thin and some indelicate neighbors on the floors seem to love celebrating Saturday night until very late, using the noisy elevator in the middle of the night.
that this does not hold you back.
take earplugs in case and enjoy all the rest, it would be a shame to miss this ...
25 years stayed at alane hotel, I have never had a problem with the different teams that have followed one another, we are always attentive to the needs and observations of customers, there are many renovations and improvements since last 5 years, the hotel is really very soundproof, you hardly hear the noise when you close the calves.
the cleanliness is impeccable, and the breakfast and quite rich.
Thanks to the quality of the service, I have already recommended and I continue to invite all those who want to find a clean and convenient hotel to come to Alane Hotel.
very good acceuil from the staff (day and night), a little rustic room (but that the people ask quiet hotel, bedding clean, sanitary clean what-what a little rustic too, (television and telephone in good working order ).
close to all means of transport in 2 steps.
off-center of the sensitive points of the North Station.
nice breakfast to take.
be careful to get up late!
the housewives debouch at 10am.
short!
I do not say more, otherwise, when I return to Paris, I may not have room.
a romantic evening close to the canal saint martin, a stopover in this restaurant with sober and neat decor.
we opted for the menu at 25 euros with a good quality foie gras before the dish with a good quality meat and a proper accompaniment, simple but satisfying dessert.
good service .
I will recommend it to friends
excellent !
a very good value for money all in a very nice
hi hamid congratulations for the quality of your couscous and the taste of your kitchen in a general way.I hope to see soon some pictures of the restaurant and why not a table well stocked to express the good home that you reserve every day to your customers .bravo again to the whole team and see you soon.
I stayed there after a contest won.
I will not talk about tariffs.
just one thing the hotel has recently been refurbished and tastefully so.
but it is absolutely not maintained.
our room was very dirty.
the slimy floor, all covered with dust, the number of cigarette butts on the balcony, the bathroom door handle left in the hands and the terrible smell of mold all over the room.
a very doubtful hygiene.
very close to the big rex, the Chamonix is ​​a small hotel set back from boulevard bonne nouvelle.
So it's pretty quiet but well located, surrounded by restaurant and cafe.
the room is comfortable the air conditioning works, the shower is relatively big and the bed is huge.
in addition there is a quilt (and not one of those covers that scratches!)
the only downside is the paid wifi.
and the best is the direction of the hotel, I met only lovely people, smiling and helpful!
a hotel unworthy of a four-star.
No sound insulation between rooms, we hear the neighbors speak normally, not to mention the rest ... at this price is theft.
not to mention the internet system at prohibitive price.
In the neighborhood there are three star hotels of superior quality, not to mention many 4 stars that respect their customers.
a good point of the staff rather nice but can not do anything in this hotel of another age
this hotel is perfectly located right in the middle of the republic, on the grand boulevard de magenta.
you can go late at night safely ... the staff is great.
the reasonable price, wifi is free unlike some 4 stars.
I was treated to a large room with balcony and view of the sacred heart!
very very good traditional Algerian cuisine couscous, grilled over a wood fire ... a succulent return to its origins.
It's a delight .
the price is really reasonable for the quality and the freshness of the products.
Do not miss !
attention to the hygiene of the restaurant (meat exposed in full heat).
to avoid
cocktails at Parisian prices, which can shock sensitive souls.
but what cocktails!
original mixes, balanced, very pleasant.
and naturally, the frame is calm, skillfully decorated so that the conversation will have little trouble taking off (beautiful phallic sculpture at my last visit).
Booked at the Hotel de Nemours by ebookers, we had an unpleasant surprise!
... arrived at the hotel, the receptionist told us that they can not receive us and they have redirected us to another hotel located near the station of the east.
however we had prepaid 2 nights.
super convenient with our luggage ...!
they could have prevented before.
the room of the other hotel quot; north and champagne quot; was tiny, to reach the shower you had to steer the toilet ... not serious!
hotel very friendly, warm welcome, personal care ... very clean room, optimal comfort, beautiful decor and steam room nice after a day of visit!
the street of the hotel is quite quiet and the hotel is located one minute from a metro station (4 stops from the island of the city)!
a flat lack of coats doors in the room ... in short, I fully recommend!
I loved this hotel, an ideal location in the center of Paris.
at the same time calm.
and at the same time close to everything.
a big thank you to samuel for his welcome, his help and his patience with the children ... the breakfast is very pleasant face to the square, in a relaxing, and ideal for children.
a thousand thanks olivier s. may 2013
great hotel!
there is really nothing to throw the staff is smiling and never stingy of advice, the rooms are very spacious (30 m2) and clean (the boss had them refurbished this year), the bathroom very modern (shower jet), the location is ideal near the center, breakfast is delicious and more generous (classic or American)!
I recommend it to all those who want to spend a wonderful stay in our beautiful capital.
lovely little hotel in the marsh behind the beaubourg center ... nice welcome and spacious room, clean, quiet.
Very good value for money .
dismal, in the room 216, stained sheets, dirty room, a thick layer of dust on the complaints, the television 36 cm to 2m of the floor diffuses only one chain not to speak of the room of water, the cabin of shower as well as the joints were full of mold and mushrooms.
lamentable given the price, I saw cleaner in formula 1!
the flora inn is available according to several concepts.
either you opt for tapas to share, or for one (or more dishes) to test.
for my part, I opted for a selection of tapas.
very good Spanish cold cuts, some delicious croquettas.
a boiled egg with morels very interesting.
I have less hook on samosas or vegetable salad a little oily.
price side, it remains a little the top of the range.
the tapas oscillate between 7 and 18 euros (count 3 to 4 per person).
menus are also provided.
arrived a little by chance in this restaurant, the reception is excellent.
the boss is really at the service of his customers responding to our specific requests.
the couscous is very good, seed and vegetables at will.
the meat is in the same picture good and generous.
all for a very reasonable price.
to recommend .
dear team of the game of palm, thank you for the splendid stay which we have passes with you.
how to dream of a place more magical and romantic than yours.
the service was above our expectations.
thanks again .
juan et Sergio
beautiful hotel still unknown, quiet courtyard.
excellent shortcut to access incognito under the arcades of the place des vosges from the noisy rue Saint-Antoine (small door at the bottom right in the 2nd courtyard, guaranteed effect).
decor certe tres modern.
however even with a clean pillow house, the unbearable sweat smell of the pillow went through!
Honestly, forgive my vulgarity, but it's disgusting to make us sleep with such a thing ... the rest was clean, but I will not stop there even qd!
yuck!
