flash sale at -40 on the official website of the hotel bourgogne montana for stays between 15/07 and 31/08.
offer valid only by booking via the website between 16 and 21/06
that to say everything is perfect.
especially the milkshake with the assortments.
always a welcome worthy of the place
high tea excellent, high class service, magical setting (the floral decoration of the hotel is sublime).
book at least 15 days before if you are not a guest of the hotel.
enjoy the calm of the restaurant
the bar restaurant in the hotel is very nice and very quiet.
service a bit slow though.
it's divine, from the entrance to the bedroom.
Eric Fréchon is an artist.
I tasted a dish with divine truffle, accompanied by a st estèphe 89 my most beautiful culinary memory of the latter
the spa the bristol by the meadow wins the coveted prize of "best new luxury spa in the world in 2012"
expensive wifi.
friendly staff but the service can be slow very slow
the decoration is a bit too classic for my taste, but the interior terrace of the restaurant is very pleasant and cocktails are good
style, class and outfit!
Paradise is rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, the setting is superb, the sound too and everything is delicious.
poor service for the price / quality ratio
the trendy place par excellence pretty girls, deco flashy, high prices, chix district
the quality of the service is inversely proportional to the amount of silicone and hyaluronic acid on the terrace, to flee!
my favorite place for a drink.
very good cocktails in a very chic setting.
hip, hype, cool.
pleasant setting that contrasts with the kitchen!
completely old-fashioned but nice atmosphere despite high tariffs
how not to be addicted to this magical place ... the atmosphere, the smell ...
overpriced and cheesy decor, but great cocktails.
avoid the restaurant, the bar is not bad
a beautiful hotel hidden in the heart of the historic marsh.
a superb stay in peace and full of charm.
I will return with great pleasure.
renovated rooms and quiet.
very pleasant !
great luxury design hotels in paris saint tropez!
I highly recommend ; )
my favorite place for its wellbeing, its cocktails, its restaurants and its terrace ... magic
Have a drink at the bar to see the bartender officiate the cocktails are extra!
work at the foot of the hotel.
clean room but service already seen better in 4 * wifi unavailable on the floors, swimming pool in another building, exterior window degeulasse, cardboard cups.
the brunch with the child animation is very nice
a hotel with a great view, but everything else is shit!
unlimited creativity for this new season, finesse, elegance and taste with our new chef!
take off in style for 2013!
the bar the view is part of the top 10 most beautiful places to celebrate the new year!
crisp seafood and its hodgepodge of seasonal veggies ... it makes you crave bit.ly/restaurantlafayette
our delicious chocolate fountain available for the most greedy during the brunch copyright madame speaks facebook fref = ts
Tuesday 5 and Wednesday, February 6, the gala stars invites itself to the Palais des Congrès for a most grandiose representation .. for this occasion, do not hesitate to come for a drink at the bar la vue
this weekend the team of concierges recommends the new movie flight at the ugc porte jersey
try to win invitations to brunch on bit.ly/facebookoubruncher find our album brunch on bit.ly/notrebrunch copyright lady speaks
baccarat invites you to discover its world of excellence with a unique offer on lola boxes.
pic.twitter.com/qysv6dgqil
the whole team of the restaurant la fayette wishes you an excellent appetite!
info and reservations bit.ly/informationsetreservations
this morning, at the breakfast of hyatt regency paris star ... greedy and succulent .... have a good day !
the most beautiful view to admire the iron lady from the suite 3015 ...
with this nice weather, the concierge team suggests a walk to the market poncelet, a few steps from the hotel ...
hotel not famous for service and rooms ... and tjs in work for years
Perfectly located next to the Musée d'Orsay.
flamboyant decoration of christian lacroix.
intimate quiet lush and welcoming.
deco de christian lacroix, quiet, chic, great location.
what more can you ask for a swimming pool; )
better than ibis , cheaper .
better than an ibis, cheaper
search 2010 the impact of corporate social networks on the search for information
a wide variety of teas.
Asian staff for the atmosphere.
in the heart of Paris .
very nice hotel.
neat service and high quality staff.
go down without hesitation ...
the tea room of the hotel is very nice and the staff is very friendly!
tasting homemade macaroons, marshmallow jasmine, other pastries, all accompanied by excellent tea.
the service is really impeccable every time.
do not hesitate to come here!
the setting is nice for a business meeting
a very nice setting for a conference and reception, but I did not try the other services of the hotel.
Nice, comfortable bed but no internet in the rooms, at least during my stay.
ideal for a shopping trip and visits or just for a night with his lover!
sublime terrace / garden lunch menu with exceptional quality / price ratio
ipad are available on request surf, send and receive your emails, access 100 magazines for free and comfortably installed in an armchair with weblib.
pierre rigothier, proposes a new snack menu to be tasted every day at lunchtime in the winter garden or at the bar le baudelaire.
excellent bar for business rv out of the train with wifi and plugs.
gojilicious with quinoa vodka, goji fair liqueur (fair trade), cranberry juice, fresh raspberries and ginger essence, a la carte bar
beautiful outdoor and indoor setting!
brunch excellent juice alain milliat and the wedding!
perfect for a city-trip
my favorite secret and intimate place, a magical space in the heart of paris.
an absolute secret in paris , one of the most romantic bar in paris .
for seduction and love .
the brunch is excellent
excellent setting, cozy and discreet during an indoor summer evening ...
bar the nine two happy hour wine 2x1 6-8 pm every day
a hotel still beautiful and conservative despite the times.
we regret, however, his current attendance, perhaps a little too borderline.
a perfect service!
the hotel sophie germain is ideally located on the left bank of paris, near the place denfert - rochereau, a few minutes from the montparnasse station and the latin quarter.
very easy to access for
the hotel sophie germain is ideally located on the left bank of paris, near the place denfert - rochereau, a few minutes from the montparnasse station and the latin quarter.
very easy to access for
breakfast not good and the shower is dirty.
hotel a little design and very nice.
in a courtyard, very calm.
for the tourists who love me metro riding.
always keep the ticket until you get out of the station.
he monitors at the exit and if you do not pay the ticket a fine of € 80
that's great !
nice hotel, with all the ibis quality.
5 minutes walk from bastille
flash sale at -40 on the official website of the hotel madison for stays between 15/07 and 31/08.
Offer valid only by booking via the website between 16 and 21/06/2010.
nice hotel, small but well located and affordable
headphones, ipod, spliff, sun
excellent for a break in shopping.
beautiful view of Paris and very correct prices.
it does however a little cafeteria.
Oh, just be careful, they took off the benches!
to see also night top!
exceptional setting for a low price.
better summer
the culprit is walking for a simple and honest lunch ...
The view of Paris is beautiful!
new hotel!
ideal bar for a date ...
a perfect example of excellence ...
elegance, refinement!
a real pleasure of the eyes and taste buds, I recommend endives embers with truffles!
hotel and restaurants at the height of a real palace.
Lechang .
to try imperatively!
an excellent meal, impeccable service and welcoming.
expensive, but justified!
the bauhinia is put in the colors of india from June 5 to 14 with chef seth, shangri-la 's rasa ria resort, guest of honor
clean and very correct ms no mirobolant ...
clean functional ideal for business trip and very nice staff
ask for a cemetery side room.
view and calm assured!
Perfect breakfast buffet, nice surroundings, near the subway, and a warm welcome!
nice hotel.
room small but clean.
Just opposite the North Station, so very convenient for early morning departures.
very beautiful address (hidden) in the marsh district.
cozy atmosphere, uncluttered room, contemporary / minimalist decor.
if you come in love, ask for a room overlooking the rooftops of Paris!
great hotel with excellent value for money paris!
hotel located in full pigalle.
calm and clean.
welcoming staff.
good value for money
excellent lunch.
on the terrace with the spring card
excellent bar for a drink.
very intimate lounge.
the terrace offers an idyllic setting for a lunch.
reopening the restaurant one more reason not to miss the sofitel without stopping
5 stars !
mouse on the terrace, half of the card breaking and finally as soon as the coffee is swallowed we are asked to pay the bill.
I had another image of the 5 star service.
just opposite the metro (voluntary) very convenient.
breakfast 14 euro.
paid wifi
very helpful and charming welcome.
they kept my keys for a month, nice no
the patio in summer is really top!
try to get a place.
the service is better with the weather.
vogue fashion night out 2012 4 it-cocktails in preview, it-cake (raspberry, champagne, macadamia nut, almond biscuit, white gold dressing) special menu 45min / 45 € by chef thierry marx
the patio, really magical!
single room, with a big bed!
great hotel, great hospitality, great room at a low price
painting school, holes in the walls, piping apparent, dirt in the corners, traces on the walls ... take a look at the photos I posted before coming to sleep here!
excellent concept .
the cabin rooms are real little bubbles-cocoons where you feel good! )
impossible to surf or work with the wifi.
small rooms for 2, kitchen without all necessary accessories (no particular stove).
it looks like hotel rooms adapted to the apartment.
the smoking room is a marvel to try absolutely!
the spa with steam room and sauna can be privatized.
ideal to relax at 2.
great hotel!
super home, dream setting, magic bed, etc.
to try for a romantic night, you will not be disappointed!
warm welcome, and probably one of the best value for money in this charming hotel!
the hotel w, it 'sa touch of hype New York in full paris.
every month, we can now insert it for the evenings "in bed with ...".
in the middle of the rue de rennes, ideal for shopping but also close to the garden of luxembourg, boulevard saint germain and boulevars saint michel, perfect for a drink
hotel completely renovated, a nice walk-in shower in the room, wifi everywhere (free after registration), a comfortable bed.
and calm.
great modern hotel, very nice employees, impeccable breakfast, metro station 100m away)
good hostel.
small but clean room with separate shower.
pretty decoration.
I recommend for small budgets.
good address chic and Parisian, timeless design as I like them!
wifi is available throughout the hotel and on all your devices; ) and as a bonus we serve nespresso ... what else
we feel good.
luxurious and intimate decor, the buddha bar hotel is a credit to its big brother.
excellent for both business and romantic dates.
Small rooms but very good price-quality ratio.
really new hotel
nice places
go shopping in paris at mini price.
it's now and until February 12th!
craving for cozy nights
street art history at the mail museum address
Come and celebrate Christmas in Paris with us at the hotel romance!
we are pleased to offer double room party prices at 89 euros!
promo from the 22nd to the 26th of December 2013 and every weekend of January 2014. book here on.fb.me/1kp9wnv
as promised, here is the link to see or review the show!
the chef frechon still in the spotlight!
tonight, on France 2 to 22h15 in additional investigation, discover the scenes of a palace bristol is in the spotlight!
Tuesday, August 27, launch of the new school entry card ...
hello to all, despite the greyness and rain, we re opened and will prepare wonderful eggs bios for brunch this afternoon ... reservation 01 44 14 91 91
the sun is out, our terrace too ...
the new map online ...
to celebrate spring, zebra launches its new menu with tuna freshness, veal cuts, langoustine pizzaletta, monkfish with ginger caramel, rice pudding with pink pralines, etc ....
I must thank you for all the attention we have received!
excellent service
this morning for a professional breakfast ... ... ... ...
Hello !
Hello !
admitted to bts tourism at the efht (graduate school of tourism in paris) next September, I want to integrate an establishment to achieve my professional goal of becoming a travel agent under a contract of professionalisation.
assiduous, motivated and with a rich linguistic heritage (Portuguese, Spanish, English), I would be honored to work with your team.
thank you for indicating an address to which I could apply.
Sincerely, Sylvie de Abreu
do not leave your faithful companions alone for Christmas.
vice versa we accept all pets finally almost ...
summer offer vice versa hotel for any reservation made directly by email or phone to the hotel, a glass of champagne will be offered on your arrival!
contact us info viceversahotel.com
virginie guilhaume an angel in vice versa hotel
a few minutes by taxi or the metro from the hotel vice versa, the museum of decorative arts, currently offers several amazing exhibitions, surprising, grandiose and in all exciting points.
arts decoratifs museum in paris ’ famous rue de rivoli offers you the chance to be part of exciting exhibitions and events throughout the summer .
the vice versa hotel by her was once
special offers saint valentin enjoy your stay in love under the sign of 7 deadly sins in vice versa hotel!
contact us!
our special cocktail of the month of lovers cham cham.
to taste in our heavenly bar.
A few days of Christmas, we propose to travel a little bit ... do you know how is celebrated Christmas in Lapland this region, usually diving in the polar night, famous Christmas in the light of candles placed in the windows of the houses.
tasting of mulled wine (called glögi), biscuits and spiced buns accompany this festive moment.
but what do we eat when we celebrate Christmas in Lapland ... more on our restaurant page lem64
Hello everyone, our restaurant, the m64, offers a special offer for its prestige menu.
check our our last newsletter  ymlp.com/zyebhq
until January 20, 2013, you can admire the works of manual alvarez bravo to the game of palm!
the next meeting suite no 7 on June 20 at shangri-la hotel, paris, with the balthazar group!
to win your places, rdv on anous.fr, box chance.
crepe day is just around the corner ... what better way to celebrate than to savor these breton delicacies under the bauhinia 's glass cupola on.fb.me/12esijf the candlemaker points the tip of his nose ... what do you say to celebrate this day crepe under the cupola of bauhinia on.fb.me/12esijf
a magical place where I had a wonderful birthday ... thanks for the magic
our ephemeral restaurant unveils its new 2013 collection ... discover our spring-summer menu!
Like if you like !
paris saint germain is champion of France after his victory in lyon!
rendez-vous at 6.30 pm at the trocadero, a few meters from the hotel, for the presentation of the trophy
currently our raphael chef is working on developing our new spring summer card.
do you have any suggestions for us
last days to try your luck at the big game room privilege mercury!
play and share this post with your friends!
this year again the fair of paris pushes the limits of your imagination, easy access from the hotel, go to the discovery of all the unavoidable objects of tomorrow from April 30 to May 12.
discover our food places for a moment of conviviality
in search of the best price for your stay this summer book early offer booking mercury and get -30!
Mother's Day is coming soon (May 26th)!
the star-studded restaurant of the Fouquet's Barrier, le diane, offers all the moms a treat with a refined menu just for them.
reservation at 01 40 69 60 60
the last postcards that go straight to Romania!
latest post cards that go straight to romania !
what is more beautiful than the joy of spring associated with a stay in your favorite hotel do not wait, book your room to enjoy the good weather!
we remind you that you can book via our facebook page directly!
warm weather and nice stay in your favourite hotel what else book now your room to enjoy paris in spring time !
and we remind you that you can book directly in our facebook page !
Born from the challenge of the 1900 World Fair, the Grand Palais in Paris is a real architectural feat, and hosts various events throughout the year.
the grand palais is one of paris ’ s most iconic landmarks , located beside the river seine at the eastern end of the champs-élysées !
buffet of starters ********** unlimited starters buffet
the hotel concorde montparnasse invites you to escape into the world of luxury and high jewelry ... until February 16, go to the grand palace to discover the remarkable pieces tracing the history of the famous house cartier.
********** hotel concorde montparnasse invites you to escape into the world of luxury and fine jewelry ... until february 16 , visit the grand palace to discover the remarkable pieces on the history of the famous maison cartier .
Until August 18, 2013, the Museum of Modern Art in the city of Paris hosts an exhibition on one of the most famous artists of his time keith harring.
discover 250 works on canvas, canvas or the metro.
this exhibition is one of the most important ever done on this artist.
until august 18 .
2013 , the modern art museum of paris welcomes an exhibition of one of the most famous artist of his time keith harring .
come discover 250 works created on canvas or on the subway .
this exhibition is the most important never conducted for this artist .
the hotel concorde montparnasse is proud to have participated in the telethon 2012 and offered a donation of 3958 euros to support this cause!
a gourmet and gourmet eve of surprising and captivating flavors, dishes revisited by our chef, without forgetting the traditional dishes of superior quality!
for dessert, it is a parade of explosive pastry the glass of champagne you are offered, a pure happiness to start 2013 well ... discover the menu alturl.com/v5gmg
day and night you can admire this exceptional panorama ... what not to leave your treadmill!
day or night you can admire the exceptional panorama ... enough not to leave your treadmill !
the chef introduces you to a seafood crunch and his hodgepodge of seasonal vegetables with coriander in their brick sheet ... it makes you want to make your reservation directly from facebook with a simple click here bit.ly/reservationhcl, and you will only have to appreciate!
since the great hyatt martinez, rub shoulders with the big movie!
as if you were there, follow all the news of the Cannes festival.
bit.ly/grandhyattmartinez
good news is the weekend!
ready to shine the eyes of your child we are waiting for you on Sunday at brunch "the extraordinary world of toys" at the restaurant la fayette.
bit.ly/brunchhcl
the magic of Christmas a few minutes from the hotel ... the illuminations and the Christmas market settled on the famous Montmartre hill.
crafts, decorative objects and delicacies every day from 10h to 20h30, until 5 January 2014.
dear fans, today you are over 500!
thank you and welcome to all who joined us!
this weekend clara, elise, marianne, laura, olivier, khalil and hamid are waiting for you at the reception to welcome you and advise you in your discovery of paris)
maestro music!
it's gone for a new edition of the festival of music.
on this occasion, we propose you a series of concerts in the district of montmartre.
jazz, electro, rock, world music ... enough to make your senses intoxicating and make you dance all night long, here the program bit.ly/19ninji
in search of the best price for your stay this summer book early offer booking mercury and get -30!
the weather is settling on paris.
this summer our bartenders will be happy to welcome you to our hanging garden.
All Mercury Paris Montmartre team wishes you a great day.
very nice stay in the hotel, everything was perfect, the closer the casino of paris where you can walk, it's sure we'll come back!
our greatest satisfaction ...... yours!
our greatest satisfaction…… that ’ s yours !
our satisfaction ...... is yours!
what beauty is grandiose beautiful pictures!
very good idea ... .
tripadvisor is pleased to award the 2013 certificate of excellence to best western the new orleans.
this prestigious award, which recognizes 10 of the best establishments in the world on tripadvisor, is awarded to establishments that regularly receive top marks from tripadvisor travelers.
this new weekend of the year 2013 in paris will be, once again, a little longer than expected thanks to the monday of Pentecost!
result, you will be entitled to three days off to fully enjoy the many activities planned for this weekend of Pentecost to start with the night of the museums 2013 but also the weather festival, the ping ping to bercy or the grand salon d ' affordable art without forgetting the feast of Brittany!
in short, follow the guide ....
The Palais Omnisports of Paris-Bercy will host, during a week from May 13 to May 20, the 52nd edition of the individual world championships of table tennis.
this year, the 2013 World Individual Table Tennis Championship will take place at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy from 13 to 20 May 2013, here is the opportunity to see the greatest table tennis players in the world.
exchanges of balls, sharing of emotions is the motto of the 2013 World Championship organized by the French Table Tennis Federation.
this simple sentence sums up perfectly and completely the adventure in which the organization committee under the responsibility of michel gadal is launched.
it is upstream of the competition, to talk about table tennis in the whole of France and to play the greatest number of French Ping in all its forms in recreation, handi, babyping, female.
it will be a real caravan of ping (anim 'ping) which should turn in France at the end of the first quarter of 2013 in some major cities.
it is also an opportunity to strengthen collaboration with the world of school and university (educ 'ping).
indeed, we must use this world championship to promote our sport before the start of the competition in order to attract attention.
it is therefore a prior awareness of our fellow citizens through the exchange of bullets in all its forms.
it is for the competition itself, to highlight the players and players, to allow fans of our little ball to enjoy the spectacular game of the world 's best.
it will be the Palais Omnisport de Bercy, well known, which will be the setting for their performance to allow the public to vibrate and, no doubt, to share the emotions.
this new weekend of 2013 in paris will be long, very long for some lucky!
and for good reason, Wednesday 8 and Thursday 9 being a holiday, many of you have certainly had to ask their Friday to take full advantage of these 5 days!
and then we do what celebrates bread or throne fair ... in short, follow the guide and discover the cultural activities not to be missed these 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 May 2013 in Paris.
and you, what are you doing for this weekend of ascension in paris do not delay to discover the essential animations of these 10, 11 and 12 of May but also those envisaged the holidays of 8 and 9 May 2013. it is here it's happening!
and especially very good weekend to all
Flea markets, empty-lofts and ephemeral markets in Paris make you want to discover the list of possibilities for bargain hunting and bargains this weekend of May 8th.
after all who knows, maybe you enjoy an extended weekend!
flea markets, flea markets, garage sales, ephemeral shops or special braderies, ... the desire to stroll or hunt in search of objects titillates you discover without further delay the list of possibilities for this weekend of May 8th.
Thursday, May 9 • stamp and postcard market 30 exhibitors from 8 am to 6 pm square marigny, avenue gabriel, paris 8th Champs-Elysees metro station clemenceau • garage attic rue du martin street 150 exhibitors from 7 am to 6 pm rue du faubourg saint martin, paris 10th metro water tower • market of the disc of collection 35 exhibitors from 9:00 to 18:00 small hall with horses, park georges brassens 104 street brancion paris 15th metro door of vanves saturday 11 may • association philactions from 06:00 to 19:00 passage of the office, paris 11th metro alexandre dumas sunday 12 may • place de barcelona avenue de versailles from 7 am to 7 pm 150 exhibitors av versailles rue remusat, paris 16th metro mirabeau • flea market at the porte d'aubervilliers from 7 am to 6 pm 120 exhibitors from 2 to 52 boulevard ney, paris 18th subway door of the chapel • flea market, empty attic street ordener from 05:00 to 18:00 300 exhibitors rue ordener, paris 18th metro jules joffrin • flea market , empty attics for the right to school sahel children from 07:00 to 18:45 150 exhibitors from the street of the villette to the street larks to the street carducci, Paris 19th metro botzaris or daydain • flea market, empty granaries 5:00 am to 6:00 pm 200 exhibitors cours de vincennes, paris 20th metro saint mandé saturday 11 may and sunday 12 may • stamp and postcard market 30 exhibitors from 8 am to 6 pm square marigny, avenue gabriel, paris 8th metro-champs clémenceau • antiques flea market avenue d'italie from 10 am to 8 pm avenue d'italie, paris 13th metro place d'italie • chips from the porte de vanves from 7 am to 2 pm 90 exhibitors avenue marc sangnier and georges lafenestre, paris 14th metro vanves gate • market old and second hand book from 9 am to 6 pm 50 exhibitors in the park Georges Brassens, 104 rue Brancion, Paris 15th metro door vanves • garage sale boulevard bessieres from 6 am to 6 pm 150 exhibitors boulevard bessieres , paris 17th subway door clichy
10 days of basketball, this event that puts basketball in the spotlight for 10 days in Paris, returns to the forecourt of the town hall from May 1 to 4, 2013 with many free events and free introductions to the program and paris- bercy from May 3rd to May 5th for high level competitions.
with the 10 days of basketball in paris, paris will look like a gigantic basketball court.
For the 4th year in a row, the French Basketball Federation (ffbb) is offering locals the chance to live to the rhythm of basketball through numerous activities and initiations, especially on the forecourt of the town hall.
a golden opportunity to discover this sport in all its forms.
leisure side this new weekend will first be marked by sports since the racecourse paris-vincennes will invite you to discover its shopping shows.
with family or friends, live the experience of magic evenings where sport and emotion will be at the rendezvous.
and speaking of horses, do not forget the galloping Sundays.
go to the racecourses of auteuil and longchamps to discover them and do not miss the free entertainment to live with family.
as for lovers of small animals on all fours, they will very probably take the direction of the space champerret during the show dogs cats.
you can go relax in terraces, or you can let off steam with the fair of the throne!
With its 350 attractions and 80 rides, to discover on the lawn of reuilly, we can say that this spring event will delight young and old!
greediness to continue with the greed, do not forget pressing on tour that continues its tour of paris and invites you to discover its incredible paninis.
Finally, if you like the good barbecues and smells of grill then rendezvous, this Sunday, April 28, 2013, on the forecourt of the town hall on the occasion of the great tasting!
this event will notably have for mission to make better known the trade of the butchers craftsmen.
this new weekend of the year 2013 in paris will be once again lively and festive thanks first and foremost to the great tasting that will take place on the forecourt of the town hall but also in brittany which will invite you to garden of acclimatization, at the concert of lana del rey at the olympia or at the new edition of the festival series mania.
In short, follow the guide and discover the cultural activities not to be missed on April 26th, 27th and 28th, 2013 in Paris, on this weekend, this new weekend will be marked by new and numerous concerts starting with the one of lana.
del rey.
the singer will invest the beautiful and majestic hall of the Olympia for two concerts that may give shivers to the audience finally, do not forget that the 2013 edition of the blue suburbs festival continues in 13 cities of seine - saint - denis, more gonesse and paris.
the opportunity to fill up on music!
) ideal hotel design
be happy !
ideal hotel design
very good evening in paris) ideal hotel design
ideal hotel design
ideal hotel design
poetry, dreams and romance ... discover our different categories of rooms at the hotel montmartre mon amour!
poetry , dream and romanticism , explore all our various rooms !
April 1842, meeting of Charles Baudelaire and Jeanne duval.
xxii Exotic perfume when, with both eyes closed, in a warm autumn evening, I breathe the smell of your warm breast, I see unfolding happy shores dazzled by the fires of a monotonous sun; a lazy island where nature gives singular trees and tasty fruits; men whose bodies are slim and vigorous, and women whose eyes are astonishingly frank.
guided by your smell towards charming climates, I see a port filled with sails and masts still tired by the sea wave, while the scent of tamarind greens, which circulates in the air and swells my nostril, mingles in my soul to the singing of the sailors.
the flowers of evil, charles baudelaire
paris news blog juliette bates wins a special prize for phpa 2013 ow.ly/2zkwbm
paris news blog daphne rocou is the winner of the 2013 php award and the 2013 virginie prize!
paris news blog the phpa jury 2013 meets our php jury 2013 met today at the esther woerdehoff gallery to choose the php prize winner this year.
with a small overview of the exhibition in the background, here are some pictures of the deliberations the jury is made of professionals of the image that we are proud to welcome marion liard-rateau, photographic blog of ow.ly/2zdntx
paris news blog the prize virginie clement of phpa 2013 is decided ow.ly/2zbiul
paris news blog keith haring the political line at the museum of modern art of the city of paris from April 19 to August 18, 2013 ow.ly/2w23au
paris news blog music concert by danny elfman tim burton at the cinema of the filmmakers April 21, 2013 ow.ly/2vymym
our hotel is comfortable and is equipped with free and unlimited wi-fi and high quality bedding in all rooms.
a partir de 79€   our hotel is comfortable and all rooms are equipped with free unlimited wi-fi as well as high quality beddings .
from 79 euros
with the arrival of spring come discover original and creative gardens at the grand palace.
discover the new place de la république without smelly cars and noisy busses on the front of the hotel !
step out of the hotel and experience the new green world named place de la république !
be green and stay green !
discover the new place of the republic without smelly cars or noisy buses right in front of the hotel!
leave the hotel and discover the new green world, named place of the republic!
be green and stay there!
let 's celebrate the opening together with the mayor on the new square place de la république !
celebrate the inauguration of the new place of the republic with the mayor of paris at 11:00.
the crowne plaza république hotel wishes you a 2013 year full of joy, love, luck and health!
crowne plaza paris république wishes you all a lucky , happy , loving and healthy 2013 !
thank you so much for your encouragement and your loyalty thank you very much for your encouragement and your loyalty
excellent new parczoologicdeparis.fr/
90 years after the acquisition of the 1st family hotel, paris inn group makes a remarkable comeback in the district of the nation ... a story to (re) discover today in the journal of the hotel and restaurant industry
the sun tries a timid appearance ... good weather or not, at bw1er the mood is always happy!
for being a few days, very nice hotel!
super nice staff.
top !
direct access from hotel line 1 station les sablons
new Parisian to like!
new parisian to like !
New Parisian that you can love!
class !
superb hotel located near the convention center, it is a luxury service where everything is done so that the tourist feels at ease which allows him to better enjoy his visit to paris
hotel located in a nice neighborhood.
benefits very correct, clean rooms, standard equipment in good condition.
friendly welcome.
room service excessively expensive compared to the quality of the dishes on offer.
correct breakfast.
keep in favorites.
hotel skillfully mixing tradition and modernity.
impeccable service and pleasant neighborhood.
Shabby, delabree room, no hot water, no lights on the street, breakfast just passable.
all for more than 100 euros.
to avoid .
located in a beautiful area, the reception is charming.
no complaints, I strongly advise.
Hello, stay 2 nights in August 2010 for business.
Ideally placed for the main business centers of Paris.
modern rooms, design amp; well decorated.
nice lunch room.
nothing to say, excellent rapporrt quality / price.
Friendly welcome, pleasant setting, very attractive price for a Parisian hotel.
in the heart of the 17th, it is the ideal place to live for a tourist stay in paris because of its proximity to tourist sites and accessibility.
the rich breakfast could make you prolong your stay.
in addition to wifi, a computer available to those who will not be cluttered with their computer.
I enjoyed my stay at this property.
completely redone but remains a 2 *.
the staff is unprofessional especially for the alarm clock and the breakfasts but the geographical situation and the tariffs make that this hotel remains however a good address.
the triple rooms are large but the wardrobe too small and the bathroom is not suitable for people a bit strong.
very nice home.
spacious room very quiet.
excellent breakfast.
we loved it last weekend in this small hotel that deserves to be known.
Very cheap compared to the square squares of the room, very friendly welcome, in a very nice and quiet neighborhood, 20 minutes walk from the Basilica of Mont Marten.
finally, very nice.
pleasant welcome, clean hotel and close to public transport.
it is located in the most typical and the most beautiful of all the arrondissements of paris.
the location is really ideal and I recommend this property to all Paris lovers visiting the capital.
3 star hotel 15 minutes walk from the coronation heart in a neighborhood comercial and popular paris.
As for the price, it's ok enough for a hotel in this category.
rich breakfast and staff always available.
I recommend .
good reception but very disappointed by the hygiene being established.
the room was not made when we arrived, change required, twice ... despite this the carpet is aesthetically dirty, the tapestry takes off and the paint flakes off.
to add to the bathroom that there is mold on almost all joints and that the windows of the shower stall are full of traces, probably a mixture of traces of mop of window cleaner and residue of soap.
short have expected something else for a night at 70 €!
certainly the best scoop in the area.
fruits and vegetables are better than others but the price is a bit more expensive.
we only live once so ...)
poor value for money too expensive!
even the wifi!
hotel renovated with care, the rooms are spacious and pleasant, between modern and tradition.
in a quiet corner, with very little traffic, one of my best Parisian hotel experience.
the breakfast deserves a little choice, and originality, for the overall score is excellent.
price / quality ratio quite correct.
the room was clean, the bedding in good condition, rather nice, flat screen tv, small desk ... the bathroom was basic (small, 1 soap, 1 sachet of shampoo and 1 towel), but clean and suitable for 1 night.
the room was facing street, a bit noisy until late evening but not at all annoying at night (for my part).
you can easily hear the noise of other hotel guests circulating in the corridors and nearby doors.
the welcome by the staff was friendly.
to finish the hotel is very well located, quite lively district, close to the metro and it is 30 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, room pleyel, passing by batignolles ... to conclude very correct for 1 night (business stay) ), you sleep well, well placed, no bad surprise.
lack of charm for a stay quot; romantic quot; .
a hotel very well located quiet but at the foot of Montmatre, very nice and helpful staff, cleanliness, very nice hotel
magnificent !
the setting is simply magical.
I could never have imagined such a place in Paris.
it's like being in a fairy tale!
refined and delicious cuisine ... perfectly cooked fish.
a real moment of pure happiness!
go there before it's stormed!
my lover took me to the mansion for dinner.
Probably one of the most romantic evening of my life ... dining in the gardens away from the eyes, lighting candle ... in addition to an exceptional setting, it's delicious!
I really recommend it to anyone who would like to please their lover!
a hotel ideally located between the place of the mound / sacred heart and the red mill.
Despite the small size of the bathroom, the stay was excellent.
the breakfast has a varied choice ranging from cheese to biscuits through various teas, yogurts etc ... the breakfast room has very beautiful paintings.
the staff is really very helpful.
beautiful house, type hotel.
heartwarming welcome .
calm, muffled, beautiful furniture.
splendid view of room 6 on the roofs of Paris.
the unusual design of starck, the small salons and nooks where you can have a drink in music.
a vrai italien a true Italian!
I was conquered on my first visit by the Carbonara, I go back as soon as I can for a business lunch.
a refined cuisine in a class setting in the image of giorgio the boss.
a perfect address.
nice little hotel.
it's clean, functional, room not very big, in a quiet area.
it is a little pricey but I booked through booking and so I got a little over 50 compared to the price displayed in the hotel.
for the neighborhood, probably the best value for money.
obviously noisy at lunch but the couple boss server is always very accommodating.
the food is simple, but good, quite varied and the menu entry flat 13 € 50, it is difficult to find better
at the hidden hotel paris, you will be received with kindness and courtesy and with impeccable service.
Having tested several hotels on the Champs Elysees and near the Arc de Triomphe, I can assure you that this is by far the nicest I have ever known.
we feel really out of place at the hidden hotel paris, during the time of a few nights we forget that we are in the heart of the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe.
very nice place, makes you want to go back!
hotel right next to the fields, and the mac mahon cinema.
perfect for tourists who would like to have a corner to sleep in the heart of Paris.
it is close to all public transport rer, metro, bus ... the rates charged are a bit expensive.
very good location, clean hotel, excellent hospitality.
breakfast a bit expensive, but satisfying.
100 euros per room, very good value for money situation.
thanks again to the staff for the welcome.
terrible .
the people at the reception were aggressive and dishonest.
they want to charge us at the end of our stay 80 euros for our baby.
the room was clean.
3 rooms booked via the hotel website and written confirmation received via email.
we took the trouble to call for a verbal confirmation.
very bad telephone reception.
When we arrived, the rooms were not available and we were driven back to another hotel, more expensive and so-called identical but actually lower.
Hello .
why did you change the mode of movement in this super application.
Elegant hotel worthy of its 4 stars
Ok hotel, not the luxury, old style, but clean.
location very well, close to the place of the star and metro nearby.
I want to salute the honesty of the managers.
good value for money .
Following renovations and rearrangement of the rooms by the interior designer andrée Pullman, the hotel is reopening.
a tip, go to the bar darosa taste the famous pastries paris brest and saint honored worth a stop for a drink
I always go to clovis for my business lunches.
very good French restaurant, quite innovative, chic without doing too much.
we are good, quiet and the service is very friendly, very professional.
excellent hotel and quality service.
excellent place to have breakfast in good company so nothing better than waking up in the morning with a great breakfast in the field elyse I strongly recommend it
the room is good price, the breakfast is very good, lots of choice of products, fresh fruit juice.
the reception is pleasant, the service agents are very patient.
once we asked to wait when the child wakes up to do their cleaning, the maid came back at the requested time.
the staff is very pleasant at the communication level.
the prices being relatively high (of the order of a hundred euros a night, think to look on the internet promotions that's what I did when I went to visit friends, who could not to accommodate lack of space.
very nice place in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris at smart prices!
thank you very much, I spent a pleasant stay in a super comfortable room
super hotel where the host is a discreet and attentive and discreet complicity king.
the decorations are fun perfect for a romantic weekend.
the facilities are perfect to see and redo
compared to the price, the room is rather too small ....
super nice staff and polite we love this hotel
quiet hotel, comfortable bed.
on the other hand bad reception of the tv and the wifi (depends on the floor).
I will personally go back.
quiet and very nice hotel.
a nice hotel.
the setting is beautiful and the service is really well done by people pleasant, smiling and eager to satisfy the customer.
on the other hand the location is not top.
The area is not the best in Paris and it's quite far from everything, even if the transport is close.
excellent hotel, lovely hotel very well located, very welcoming, room decorated with great taste and modernity.
the restaurant deserves a visit the staff is warm with quality service the cuisine is tasty and innovative including cod and entrecôte de salers all this in a quiet and quiet
the hotel is very well located 1min from metro europe and just above the station st lazare.j 'had a superior room, spacious and brand new, very well equipped cupboards, safe, tv flat screen very large for a hotel of this guy, coffee or tea, mini bar at the rate very correct!
, pretty sdb, quite modern room in the déco.j'avais scared for the noise but closed window or not at all disturbed even side street and the 1st floor (room 12 ask for it, it is the largest!)
for the price of 69 with the breakfast for 2 (auction) it's really unbeatable but I will come back even a little bit more expensive!
the bar is nice and the pt dej in the room at no extra charge was very good too.bref that positive especially less than 100 € (believe in my experience of Parisian hotels!)
I had a very pleasant stay with my husband and two children.
the rooms are nice and spacious and the hotel is very tastefully decorated.
in addition the subway is close, ideal for a small visit of the Eiffel Tower!
I highly recommend !
it's very pretty ... it looks like a big castle!
decent apartment and very well located close to transport amenities, supermarket, bank.
I can not comment on the functionality of the kitchen because I did not use it.
apart-hotel concept with excellent value for money!
street too noisy.
no elevator!
Was down when we were 4 floors on foot!
do not push anyway!
good bedding and hotel near montmartre.
correct price for a hotel in Paris.
there we are in the very high end
a little simple but very nice anyway
too expensive for what it is
excellent stay in the lively district of the abbesses.
single room at the top, clean, quiet and friendly staff.
value for money very interesting with the metro nearby and pigalle a few meters!
run it!
the hotel is 2 steps from metro st georges, convenient, the street is quiet, the reception is very good, comfortable bedding, nice room, large shower, I advice the address.
a really great place!
the staff pleasant and very helpful and the rooms really well
great hotel with an attractive decor, a very well appointed hotel, the rooms are very good, the bathroom is great but a trablette to put his utensils would be appreciated finally the staff is very pleasant and pampered for guests.
Breakfast is served in a very well-appointed dining room and the buffet is fresh, diverse and offers something for every kind of sweet and savory lunch.
the rooms are very beautiful, bright, functional and comfortable.
the atmosphere is cozy, modern and warm.
it just feels good.
a quality hotel that I have already recommended several times to my colleagues!
a new hotel, well decorated and comfortable, very friendly as its owners.
the staff is very attentive to the requests of the customers, the hotel is very well located (very close to montmartre and the subway).
it is a modest hotel, quiet, which could still be cleaner (even if it's still ok) and newer (no air conditioning, old paint, broken tiles ...)
never room in the bar, never place baby, never room on the terrace.
but you have to be there then you submit to it).
the prices are reasonable, and if by chance you find your chair, it is rather pleasant.
very unpleasant, aggressive ... .. this hotel does not even deserve a star.
cockroaches in the room, dirty shower, rough towels ... for the price it's theft!
deco and woodwork very pretty, very Montmartre, lovely service, and really good food.
menu and dishes of the day often renewed with new ideas, which changes the endless menu of Parisian bistros
excellent benefits for the price offered in this area and which is very quiet
we are going on monday november 7th, 2011 the room was not clean the furniture very damaged and dirty paint the room sad breakfast the price does not correspond to the quality of the room the staff is very pleasant against
hotel very well located, but rooms facing street very very noisy, small.
breakfast more than passable.
very expensive for the benefits!
Excellent hotel, I recommend, near the station and near the subway, near good shops and cafes.
very nice staff and tasty breakfasts.
I hope to stay there again.
excellent hotel , would recommend , near railway station and near metro station , close to good shops and cafes .
very nice staff and delicious breakfast .
i hope they stay there again .
excellent hotel, recommend, near the train station and metro station nearby, close to shops and cafes.
very nice staff and delicious breakfast.
I hope they stay there again.
yuri russia saratov
excellent near saint lazare
only the facade is correct!
everything is old, gray, unkept, smelly smells in the shower, the hose is leaking!
missing wall tiles, hyper reduced bathroom space.
Wacky fares!
from 68 euros to 82 euros in a week seems it .. weird, and the top access and all the atmosphere of breakfast!
even for a business trip, once not two!
sorry but a situation is not enough!
look elsewhere, word of chti!
Two-star hotel, but surely better than some higher category.
the welcome is jovial, the rooms are clean and well arranged (side course no noise), the service staff is helpful and available, in short, the hotel monnier is a good address for a family of four with children (teenager) , quality price at the rendezvous.
I recommend this hotel for a family stop of (4).
room small but the essential is there.
bathroom, with bath, clean and fully tiled.
flat screen TV big enough and well positioned.
breakfast ok no more, room not lit enough for my taste.
the noise of the street is a little too present in the room.
room 203.
if the room is tired but rather clean, the bathroom is in a state close to the dubious very high humidity, cleaning limited to the most visible parts, shower curtain greasy.
one wonders if the very subdued light is not there to throw a modest veil over the dirt.
the common areas have however been renovated, as the entrance, where is served breakfast.
excellent hotel, very warm welcome and very professional
a hotel located in the beautiful districts of the capital and located a few meters walk from the trocadero square and the eiffel tower.
a residential area, quiet, well attended.
the reception of the hotel is very stylish.
spacious rooms for paris, and all for a good price / quality ratio.
breakfast in the patio very nice, just like the teams.
a lovely hotel, very quiet, friendly staff and very friendly atmosphere; family quot; ... what more
for true moments of relaxation, the platinum hotel paris puts at your disposal the luxurious equipments of its superb spa.
it includes a hammam and a sauna, accessible only to hotel guests, as well as a double massage room where you can enjoy the wide range of treatments offered by the omnisens institute and lavished by expert hands.
a qualified and attentive team.
discover many benefits cares men moments spa massages rides escapes face and body care face
the zebra square restaurant is located on the ground floor of the hotel square, a 5-star hotel near the banks of the Seine and Swan Island (16th district) .
the establishment offers brunch every saturday and sunday in a cozy decor and design with a very attentive staff.
you start with a squeezed fruit juice, orange or grapefruit, and a hot drink (big coffee, tea or chocolate).
brunch is then served on the assortment plate of pastries, roll and toast accompanied by butter and jam, and then choice between fried eggs, scrambled organic, boiled or omelette (bacon supplement, smoked salmon petossian or cheese is charged 2 euros).
You will end this brunch with a plate of cheeses (Gouda, Comté and Rocamadour) followed by a salad of fresh seasonal fruit.
the establishment also benefits from a very pleasant terrace the summer and is open holidays!
hotel bar.
if the english bar of this discreet palace, confit in its old-fashioned charm, has always been the refuge of artists and personalities (gainsbourg had made it its home port), it possesses a summery joker very coveted its terrace with panoramic view on Paris.
from 16 to 21h, in good weather, a place preserved to taste the very popular cocktails house.
hotel with pool and very nice spa
small hotel very friendly!
the welcome is warm, bedding good quality.
the modern room is tastefully decorated and especially very very spacious, with a separate toilet in the bathroom.
Following a professional trip Avenue Kleber, I enjoyed my jogging in the Trocadero district, Eiffel Tower, the docks and I went up by the fields elysées until the Arc de Triomphe, the loop ...
I really advice this hotel.
it's a nice surprise for me.
the little extra is the service and the balanced organic buffet etc ...
the restaurant room is very beautiful and quiet.
the tables are far away.
the waiters are friendly and advise you well.
I was slightly disappointed by the quality, I found the dishes too salty.
the prices of wines and digestives are really high, we took a smoked pouilly at 80 euros.
the restaurant is very classy without being stuffy.
the restaurant is superb with its glass roof realized by eiffel.
the new chef is excellent and the sommelier is very talented!
the restaurant (slightly to the right and bottom after going down the stairs to the lobby) is very nice, and you will not be disappointed with the quality or service (which really suits you).
the prices are reasonable compared to the remarkable quality.
the gardens are just splendid.
the bar (left out of the restaurant) is a cozy and cozy place, where you can savor the magic cocktails in peace, or discuss business according to what you have to do.
prices are relatively high.
In short, an address that makes everyone agree.
excellent hot chocolate
location and perfect premises however the staff is sometimes unfriendly or unhelpful ..
the warwick hotel is super well placed, for shopping, it has many suite overlooking the eiffel tower, top panoramic view and welcome, the staff overall, pleasant stay.
superb hotel!
perfect service
when it's facebook that invites, we can not refuse; ) I did not have the opportunity to discover the rooms of the hotel but only the reception, the service and the quality of the reception rooms.
ideally located at the corner of avenue des champs elysées and avenue george v, the hotel spa fouquet 's barrier is a haven of peace entirely dedicated to well-being and beauty.
this privileged address invites you to live a parenthesis of exception, far from the effervescence parisienne you will be in the center of all our attentions for your greater comfort.
Bleached woodwork, subdued lighting and golden mosaics create a cozy atmosphere that instantly invites you to relax ... on more than 750 m², the spa offers 8 treatment rooms, a gym, a sauna, a steam room and a unique aquatic course.
one of the largest indoor pools in Paris.
our modeling and care techniques come from our expert partners sensai kanebo international and five worlds.
thus, our experienced practitioners perform high-performance care that reveals radiant, healthy, supple and silky skin and uses products of the highest quality.
other treatments inspired by ancestral cultures of well-being of the whole world for a relaxing sensory journey are also proposed.
all these massages are aimed at both women and men.
our comprehensive offer also meets the needs of children, young mothers and pregnant women.
eveil bébé workshops allow you to learn soothing and enveloping gestures for a special moment with your child.
exceptional hotel by its design rooms are spacious and spotlessly clean I have adopted this hotel for all my travels in Paris
it is a very pleasant hotel and very very large rooms are comfortable, graceful and elegant.
If the desires come for you to sleep in this nice hotel and it's good it's a bit noisy because of isolation but not a lot of negative points.
the hall says so long ... d
great location, nice and attentive staff, comfortable room
not bad to see beautiful cars p
excellent very very good my friend
a beautiful place, which has been completely redecorated and brings a beautiful map.
the service is extremely attentive, and the new chef came to greet us in the dining room during our meal.
Another plus, a beautiful terrace that allows you to see all paris.
to recommend l quot; summer
excellent quality local excellent service excellent.
a great view you could see from the Eiffel Tower at the end of Montaigne.
the staff were friendly and helpful, even though they seem eager to make sure that you are a hotel guest before giving you the proper treatment.
the rooms were always gorgeous ...
perfect ... best experience for me
a hotel with just what you need
hotel clean, well equipped and clean.
large room (for paris).
Friendly and polite staff, breakfast.
until noon or noon 30 ...
I take.
situation in the heart of the 7th 2min fields.
really good
place of conviviality, very clean is one of the best equipped and most welcoming hostels!
a regular who has been traveling from inn to inn for 40 years ... in France and Northern Europe
excellent location and service and perfect team
perfect home, perfect to be quiet in a beautiful place.
superb boutique-hotel in the heart of Paris!
elegant, romantic and full of charm.
the hotel team is lovely and caring.
bravo !
Arrived at the hotel around 11.30pm, they did not have the reservation confirmed by fax and email the day before.
finally, after 20 minutes of negotiation, we got a room that was clean, but the shower hose was hs and several lamps too .... icing on the cake, the fire alarm is triggered in the morning throughout the hotel ... very bad experience.
love this hotel !
hotel well placed in the center.
nice home tastefully decorated room.
the staff was attentive and very friendly.
we stayed on a very good impression, the teams are young and motivated and there is a certain effort at the level of details and a will of very marked demarcation.
in summary I recommend this hotel full of charm!
... really warm welcome, friendly people and an extreme kindness, small room but very clean, sanitary identically, good bedding, quiet and hearty breakfast for a price more than reasonable in paris .. address that we let's remember in the future for our future travels .. again thank you ... Franco-Belgian couple.room 26.
great hotel, very nice stay and smiling staff.
the rooms are not necessarily very spacious but very nice (redone recently).
To advice !
very good hotel with excellent staff.
The hotel is well located .
great hotel, great location.
recently renovated rooms, very friendly staff and very professional.
highly recommended for all types of stays.
the menu discovery is at the top, delicious and very rich, the service nickel and the atmosphere very calm
100 crush on this brand new boutique hotel.
Located in the heart of the madeleine district, here is finally a 4 star worthy of the name in Paris.
haven of well-being felted, island of serenity, here everything is soft colors, lights, textiles ... in perfect agreement with sophie charlet, the owner of the premises, the architects anne peyroux and emmanuèle thisy have indeed deployed a virtuosity of textiles, praise of a pure and voluptuous design.
a perfect welcome.
I was received like a queen from A to Z. with warmth, finesse and simplicity.
Whether on arrival or at bedtime, the team was really charming and very attentive.
a real pleasure !
from bio to sustainable development.
a 100 organic breakfast, recyclable toilet paper, an installation optimized for a good sound insulation ... here everything is thought to last.
conclusion no doubt it is here that you must book for your stay in paris or your romantic evening!
a real enchantment!
Well placed, well maintained and impeccable service this magical place for most Parisians will make you know a Parisian experience in the French.
Do not hesitate to go there I recommend it.
by looking in the guides, this one you do not risk to find it.
normal, he hides himself.
it is the bar of the hotel de vendome at lunch, situation of hell, royal peace, kind food (two dishes for 35 euros).
beautiful hotel, ideal location and excellent service.
not to mention the gourmet restaurant quot; 1 place Vendome quot; which offers a refined and tasty cuisine
modern and classy
this famous address has taken up residence in the capital since June 2011. address peoples, we can cross justin bieber or rihanna, it is characterized by impeccable service and luxurious, the restaurant of thierry marx is a treat, but unfortunately too little!
excellent location
quality services, friendly people.
ideally placed in Paris.
dream pool, beautiful facade, excellent service.
high quality restaurant.
superior service and meals.
very good restaurant for romantic dinners or business dinners.
accessible (at placement level) and cordial.
price quite high all the same .. very high quality restaurant.
I invited a girlfriend in this restaurant with a reduction by the site lafourchette.
we loved the super stylish surroundings, the service was more than adequate and the food we enjoyed was really good.
I advise you to go ravioli langoustines!
the bar (buckingham bar) is excellent, a nice barmaid and a huge choice of cocktails, just ask ... prices rather high, those of a hotel ...
finally a hotel that is not managed by a chain hotel ... ... a real family hotel with a warm welcome, clean room quite quiet despite the proximity of the main boulevards.
wifi on site, good breakfast, close to the royal palace, the museum grevin, department stores, many restaurants nearby (chartier ...) and close to the metro mouth.
to discover quickly
Much too expensive for the living space is probably the neighborhood but that does not justify everything ....
very good hotel 2 stars.
comfortable and renovated room, modern decor, good bedding, bathroom with large practical shower (a little more pressure would be top), tv lcd.
all in a quiet alley, close to a lively neighborhood, subway Grands Boulevards.
an address to recommend.
nice welcome.
clean .
the breakfast could be a little bigger, with more choice ... next to the metro station grand boulevards, which allows access to all the monuments of paris, often without having to make any changes!
super !
very close staff very courteous and correct
the service is ok
the parisian museum par excellence ..
excellent value for money hotel residence in the heart of Paris and beautiful neighborhoods!
you will be able to reach two steps to the rue saint-honore, the garden of tuileries, the madeleine, the place of the concorde, the royal street and the famous place Vendôme!
excellent value for money hotel residence in the heart of Paris and beautiful neighborhoods!
you will be able to reach two steps to the rue saint-honore, the garden of tuileries, the madeleine, the place of the concorde, the royal street and the famous place Vendôme!
very well located, reasonable price, nice welcome
a super nice address to discover urgently!
I loved the Appart'hotel Paris where we stayed a few days with my boyfriend!
everything was like on the pictures of the site, and even better!
the apart hotels are clear, bright, super beautiful, super well equipped!
Honestly, the value is excellent!
and the ideal location for romantic walks, the seine, the louvre museum, concorde, champs elysées, st germain, etc .... are at 2 steps.
we will come back !
Having had the opportunity to stay in large hotel chains in formula apartment hotel in the past, I tested this smaller provider and was delighted by the quality of the apartments offered, as well as the professionalism of the team.
to advise if you want first rate services in the heart of paris, for a budget equivalent to a hotel stay!
friendly and discreet staff.
pleasant and comfortable room, bath and hair dryer in the bathroom.
breakfast close to perfection (hot pastries, dried fruit, wide choice of hot drinks) flat when fruit juice that is absolutely not at the level of the rest.
this review is for the ephemeral restaurant that was held at the beginning of 2013 and not the hotel.
the restaurant with breathtaking views of the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse tower and sacred heart.
few places offer such a view and you will keep a wonderful memory!
gastronomy side the price of course follows the setting is quite expensive (30 €) the minimum dish.
very interesting !
close to everything!
very comfortable and elegant.
extra location, close to the market and the island of the city, in a very quiet street great for walking in paris.
Well, our room was small, and the price is not given (fortunately there was a good reduction on this one the 150 € the night for 2) for the breakfast, go take it in one of the breweries just in low 17 €, it's downright robbery.
Excellent hotel that I highly recommend.
at the hotel le pencil, paris exhibition until September 30, 2012, a dedication of love of two artists to their city.
The Eiffel Tower is not a simple monument, it is a standard, a white plume, the soul of Paris and a beacon for all Parisians.
Let me inspire the illustrator and the writer Marcus Marcella who is paying homage through 40 tables, chores, drôles, poetic, breaks or games.
the traveling exhibition begins in 2 places with the Parisian soul, the hotel the pencil (1st) until the end of September then the cinema 13 (18th) for 3 months before settling in other spaces.
there are more than 40 paintings, original works, but also lithographs, postcards, chic and beautiful objects that will be proposed by the two artists.
some twenty paintings "le paris me des kids" with a more childlike inspiration are also presented.
very nice hotel and very comfortable
to meet the criterion of the univocity guaranteed in the field of the scientificity of a linguistic science, the etymological meaning, the word text returns to the etymology of the word cloth.
In effect, texte, appara xiie siècle, vient du latin texere 'tisser' (from the passe textus d'où est dérivé tissu), in the sense of a fabric that involves a tissue.
100 meters from the louvre, the French comedy, the gardens of the royal palace and the windows we had taken the last free room shower on the landing no bad surprise nickel room with tv tel, washbasin and wc; shower area on the landing super clean and we never have to wait.
bath towels changed regularly great value for money!
excellent stay!
the small typical hotel of Paris clean welcoming the charm of yesteryear the manager is very welcoming and pampering for its customers viewpoint quality price at 100 meters from the louvre museum do not look elsewhere you will not find!
an exceptional moment with a service that was just as good.
I knew this place via a coupon site that offered a drink for cheap ... being so good, we finally dined!
19 € the dish (tournedos rossini for me) and 29 € the menu!
the wine was amazing!
preparation of extreme finesse, extra-ordinary service where we take care of you without being intrusive!
In short, an address that I advise with eyes closed and where I will return in business lunch with pleasure!
Original rooms, classy and attentive staff.
beautiful
this is the very high level that is offered, and in all areas
ideal location, cordial welcome, the young woman of the impeccable reception at any request
charming hotel and caring staff
charming small hotel in peace, five minutes from the musée d 'orsay.
cozy and very well kept.
excellent service, beautiful location very nice hotel.
a really friendly setting a particularly excellent service g really appreciated gastronomy i highly recommend it
an incomparable patina, a crazy class, one of the most beautiful hotels in paris.
very welcome, I was not disappointed I had already been warned and it is a wonderful place!
very charming hotel in the heart of saint germain.
a very pretty decoration.
take a hot chocolate (a real one!)
At the corner bar in the big armchair is very nice.
organizing events, including press conferences, is very practical.
Old hotel, but that's what makes it so charming.
ask for the room under the roofs.
the hotel where oscar wilde stayed (he died on November 30, 1900), a gem of elegance and class.
ask the marquise de merteuil room, you will never forget it.
hotel full of charm, a hidden gem of paris like no more!
the welcome is great, and the friendly staff ... what more
this studio very nicely furnished and decorated, and even if it is a little small, nothing is missing and everything is well designed.
the owner is nice, and the neighborhood awesome brief, only happiness!
ideal location and excellent service
a big thank you to alcove amp; Festivals for allowing us to spend a weekend like vip in Paris.
Congratulations to Françoise for advising us to stay in the house Janine and Alain because it was exactly what we were looking for.
we found peace for our nights and we felt very immediately at ease and also as very important people.
everything was perfect, our hosts, our room, breakfast ... we will come back with the greatest pleasure.
hotel very good.
ideally located near the metro station n4.
comfortable room.
small flat for the toilet in the bathroom.
I tested the bar quot; the ice kube by gray goose quot; located upstairs.
for 38 € 30 min at -15 ° C in an ice bar, 4 crescendo cocktails, jackets and gloves provided, very good sounds and lights and very good atmosphere.
plan by cons warm shoes) completely original ... frankly this bar is to see!
the price is a little too high for the quality of service, but the hotel is ok. the room is clean, the breakfast ok. the location is ok but not in the nicest area.
it is an ideal hotel if you are in town.
you will be quiet.
the hotel is not in the tourist center of paris, but it is very accessible by metro riquet which is right next to it.
the price is basic for a paris hotel and the rooms are nice and comfortable.
However, we must think about choosing a room that does not overlook the street, because the avenue of flanders is very busy.
hotel super neighborhood very popular
I stayed here for one night for a business trip.
the reception was nice.
the room was simple and clean.
I found the bedding pretty good.
the most interesting here is the good value for money hotel in paris.
considering the rate, I would renew for a business trip.
friendly and welcoming staff.0 clean room
a warm welcome .
hearty breakfast.
comfortable bedding.
location of the ideal property to then enjoy paris.
the wifi does not go very well.
during my next stay in paris, i would return.
thanks to the whole team .
I'm going with my class a group of 30 for 3 days here is the overall positive results place, negative tv breakfast with croissant very hard, cold water in the morning, and especially invassion of cockroaches in our room yes yes cockroaches!
beautiful 2 star hotel completely redone, spacious rooms with a magnificent view of the sacred heart and the school garden.
bar, snack, frankly hats.
great hotel 2 stars, new, very nice home.
I recommend ; )
the choppe of the red castle, it is a particular, popular atmosphere, where people of all styles, of all ages and of all social classes mix.
one of the few places that can still welcome this!
the prices are very low and we are quickly served, provided we make our way to the counter (do not worry, it's not that difficult)!
the toilets are not the most fantastic we've seen, but it's a real popular bar!
it is that which is great with the tankard is that in the morning we cross the world, with computers, regular coffee counter, writers etc ... and that we can return at night in a total other atmosphere, where the beer flows!
of the world, of the world!
pleasant brasserie
I am French, I rented this apartment well placed in the heart of Paris, I spent in this cozy place extraordinary moments.
my wife was delighted.
I really recommend this place to everyone.
ok but nothing more.
the room I had was big but the bathroom downright tiny for me who am a little tall is not practical.
moreover I was a little embarrassed by the sound of a ventilation or something that crossed the wall of my room.
for the price it's a bit pricey!
useful but expensive
good but still expensive
a quiet and pleasant hotel with very friendly people.
a few meters from the Gare du Nord and the Gare de l'Est.
some difficulties of internet connection from the room on the 1st floor.
saved by its location and staff.
is not worth the price paid.
no air conditioning and extremely small rooms.
not clearly worth the price.
does not deserve the 3 stars the soundproofing is very bad despite what is stated no heating in the room on arrival bathroom outdated without comfort
Much too expensive for this hotel.
hotel sale
to avoid !
much too expensive for value for money room with tapestry ripped, no air conditioning (a fan is placed on a table), no double glazing, televisions do not work (2 channels only work), breakfast included but rudimentary .. Poster 3 stars while it deserves only 2 (can be and still).
for staying there every week (1 night to 2 night per week) for 1 year ... i tested almost every room!
rooms completely redone in 2011/2012 beautiful bathroom even if the small home is perfect and at any time.
and the price finally correct for paris!
to finish super easy access stations north or east (10min walk).
not bad is not expensive
three good
great restaurant, very nice home, excellent value for money and one of the best entrecôtes of the city!
I only know the restoration part that is very nice decor to the service and all for very reasonable prices.
a place to go!
We spent a very good week at 4. quiet street.
After spending one night in this hotel I was very surprised and amazed at the calm that reigns in the hotel.
indeed we do not believe in Paris while we are right on the street Faubourg fishmonger.
a real happiness for a sleeper.
very well
welcome, location and value for money excellent!
the staff are really friendly, just sometimes the water is not hot enough (especially in the floors).
otherwise, convenient access via the metro and the reception is provided 24/24!
excellent reception, clean and pleasant room.
hotel well located, easy access.
Very good value for money .
does not deserve the 2 *
first of all a very well placed hotel.
train station, metros, theaters, entertainment, everything is accessible on foot ... after, the staff is very welcoming, and very nice.
Finally, the room is clean, quiet, tastefully appointed, and has a super comfortable bedding.
we loved it !
